 

 

   

ATI 7

 

 
 
  

ANA

N

)

AN

 
 

\\

 

iN

DTI

_om

   
 
   

 

pM) Sas NS

  
  

 

SN

 
 

SSO

 

   
 
 
 

AN

 

 

 

JUNE, 1912

   
 
   

Vol, XXII No. 9

 

 

 

a

PEQIOK NUMBER

 
 
DIRECTORY.

Amc mmm

President Students’ Association

Paeroeetcany . Davin C. Succopr.
President Vo Mi C. Aoisisca coc rece eueinae toca WitiiaM B. KELty.
Captain Foot-Ball Team .................. Cart Conrad Buscu.
Captain Basket-Ball Team ................ To be Elected.
Captain Base-Ball Team .............. ...TRAcy ELMENDpORE.
Captain Track Team ..... 0026000 cos cee en Georce DeWirr Waite.
Editor-in-Chief Argo o...c2c.c.cceec ese an Watter V. H. Fartey,
Manager Y. M.C. A. oo. eee Watcter V. H. Fartey.
Manager Foot-Ball Team ...............4. Oscar E. AprRAms,
Manager Basket-Ball Team .............4. Joun Hoacranp,
Manager Base-Ball Team ........... 000.4. WALLACE DuUNLop.
Manager Track Team ......... 0.00.2 00 005 Robert RicuTer,

MGRGGCE ALGO aisi5!e.oto Grady euthiopen ere ale a pre toh Carr. Conrap Buscu.
RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED
TO
WILLIAM P. KELLY,
HEADMASTER

RUTGERS PREPARATORY
SCHOOL

 
“ATP ‘Bioqspury] ‘Aumouv[ ‘pavurrig

“yosng ‘Aopreyp ‘dopung “wrysuy ‘sueiqy Saopu

 

NC ‘sodsay ‘“Seyrypy ‘AorT

‘AAVLS ODUV

 
 

 

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly During the School Year,
BY THE

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

 

 

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

 

 

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

 

 

ARGO STAFF:

Editor-in-Chief
Walter FARLEY
Assistast Editor
WI1LuiAM B. KELLY
Business Manager
Cart C. BuscH
Assistant Manage
Tuomas H. LANDSBERG.
Literary Editor
H. L. Janeway.
Asst. Lit. Editors

H. REEVES
Athletics

W. Duntor.

School Notes

W_ BRAINARD
Exchanges

Alamnl Editor
R. B. SEARL
Jokes
ABRAMS

Staff Artists
N. DunHAM T. ELMENDORF

INGHAM

E. Ley L. MITTAG

ubscription price, per year, $1.00 (in advance).
a scription Pitioas’ should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, and must be accompanied
with the name of the author.
All business communications to
Correspondents will confer a great
side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most cor-
dially invited to contribute,

Business Manager
favor by writing on one

The schcol year of 1911-12 is now almost
finished and while for some it means only
severing for a time those bonds which have
united us, it means for many of us an end to
the school life which we have so much enjoy-
ed. To those who graduate this year and
leave not temporarily as hertofore, but for the
last time the school where they have fitted
themselves either for college or for their life
work, there is not the usual care-free and joy-
ous expectation of a pleasant summer vaca-
tion followed by a return to the old scenes and
associations. There are of course, expecta-
tions, but they are tinged with regret for
though the good fellowship for which Rut-
gers Prep. is noted will continue, others will
take our places and we will be outsiders. Here
we have formed friendships which we shall
cherish for the rest of our lives. By contact
with both the faculty and each other, our out-
look upon life has been broadened and here
the foundations of our characters have been
built. We have gained morally as well as
mentally.

The class of 1913 will take our place next
year. We have done our best for the school
and towards preserving that fine spirit which
has always characterized Rutgers Prep and
we extend to them our best wishes for suc-
cess in the carrying out of the duties which
we have performed to the best of our ability.
As Alumni we will aid them as much as we

are able.
THE
212

THE PLANS FOR NEXT YEAR
1 am glad to tell the Argo readers some
ing of our plans for next year,

- soon it became evident that we could
not get the new dormitory this spring, we de-
termined to bend our efforts toward making
the school so good that it would not need a
new building to attract students.

“As the teacher, so the school,” is an edu-
cational maxim. We therefore first, deter-
mined to have the best teachers we could pos-
sibly get. Fortunately, we are able to keep
Mr. kisley, Mr, Cook and Mr. Wheeler, all
tried and true teachers, deeply interested in
the school. Unfortunately, Mr. Fisher and
Mr. Sangree decided to locate elsewhere next
year, and the delay in announcing their stic-
cessors is due to the care exercised in select-
ing them.

The number of teachers will not be increas-
ed, and yet one of the six will devote his en-
tire time to the physical training of the boys.
This can be accomplished by omitting the
duplicate classes for students out of regular
course.

Every student will therefore do well to keep
up with his class in every study, as it will be
practically impossible to take one or tvo
studies over with the next class, without tak-
ing them all over. In fact the school will be
Tun on the supposition that students are go-
ing to keep their work up as they go alony,
and promotion to the next class will be denicd
to those who fail in more than one study,

New boys will be examined on their en-
trance in order to grade them properly, thus
saving much wasted effort of both students
and teachers from placing boys in classes for
which they are unprepared,

Not only the school athletics, but all the
Sports and gymnasium work will be under the
charge of a physical director. Arrangements
have been made for the use of the College
Gymnasium during the winter,
giving till Easter the school day will he
lengthened in the afternoon and the
will go to gymnasium during

From Thanks-

classes
the morning,

ARGO

The number of tennis courts Will be ¢
Every fellow will take Some form of
exercise each day,

All the rooms at the

1Oubled
Phy Sival

Trap that we

. Tc tw
renovated last year will he TeNOVated 1, :
: . “C' this
summer. All the toilets if} have ney say ;
W sani.

tary floors, and two new wash rooms With hot
and cold water will be Installed, 7 he bortaly
building will be used for a reading and re,
ation room. It will be supplied with Piang
library furniture, and Sames, possibly inclu.
ing a pool table. This will make 4S fine a
Toom as any school could desire for that pur-
pose.

Boys under 18 will not be allowed to snioke
at the Trap under any condition, Those over
18 may have the privilege under certain re
strictions, but it will not be necessary to pro-
vide a smoking room for them.

All our plans work to a common._end, name.
ly, to bring together superior teachers and
selected boys, so that we may have here a good
school spirit toward study and sport. The
working part of each day will be made strict-
ly business and for the liberal recreation hours
everything will be provided to give the hoys
a good time. We think that is the kind of a
school to which such boys, as you would like
to have as school mates, would also like to
come.

This is a daring financial venture because
we may not at first have boys enough to pay
for such a school at our moderate rates, but
under such conditions a large school is only a
matter of time, for a good reputation quickly
spreads. Our greatest asset is the good
spirit which pervades the school. My regret is
that we can’t put it in the catalogue or in the
buildings. We shall have to depend on the
boys who are now here to tell it to their
friends and to communicate it to the new
comers next fall,

T cannot close this article without express-
ing the pleasure which the year's life together
has been to me, and the regret I feel at part-
ing from so many of the fellows who are soon
to leave, Wituram P. KELty.
SENTOR

=]

 

 

DUNLOP
“Dunnie.” Pres. Senior Class, Editor
School Notes Argo roto-11, Athletic
Editor Argo 1911-12, Manager base-
ball, R. P. in foot-ball, Pres. Y. M.
C. A. 1910-11, Councilor.

PARLEY
Vice-Pres. Senior Class,
J

Argo tdi

 
   

 

IQIO-If,

3
tor-in-f igit-12, Manager
y J. € igii-12, Chairman Com-
' emen t fi ion Committee,

 

Rutgers College

’

 

CLASS

 

 

 

 

REEVES
“Sister.” Asst. Literary Editor Argo,
Secretary Students’ Association, Sec.
ie >. A., Honor Man, Com-

mencement Invitation Committee.

 

VOORHEES
“Bred.” Seeretary, Senior Class,
Manager track, Senior Dance Com-
mittee
SENIOR CLASS

 

 

 

SUCCOP ELMENDORF

“Jew.” Business Manager Argo “Tracy.” Captain base-bali, R. P. in
1gto-1911. Captain foot-ball team, foot-hall, Artist Argo, Chairman
Captain basket-ball team, Pres. Stu- Senior Present Committee.

dents’ Association, Chairman Senior
Dance Committee, Chairman Social
Committee Y. M. C. A., Class Ora-
tor. Pledged A K E, Rutgers Col-
lege. Ho.N.

 

 

 

 

LEY
. : “Bugges.” R. P. in foot-ball, base-ball,
foot-ball, R. P. basket-ball Councilor Exchange
in base-ball Editor Argo. Pledged 4 @, Rutgers

 

College, HoN

 
SENLOR CLASS

 

 

 

 

BRAINARD STROHL
“Bill.” Editor School Notes Argo “Ray” Honor Man, Senior Present
191t-12, Manager foot-ball team, Committee.
Councilor, Vice-Pres. Y. M. C. A.

IQIO-II.

 

  

 

   

 

 

 

RITTER ZEITZ

“Rit.” Ex-Editor-in-Chief Argo, “Dink.” R. P. in foot-ball, R. P. in
Councilor, Chairman Class Motto basket-ball

Committee.
SENIOR CLASS

 

 

 

 

WATTS VAN MIDDLESWORTH
“Wattsie.” Ex-Pres. Senior Class, “Van.” Track team, Commencement
Manager basket-ball, R. P. in base- Invitation Committee.
ball, Ex-Joke Editor Argo. Pledged
A Y Rutgers College, Ho.N.

 

 

 

 

INGHAM MARQUEZ

“Marque La Goo Goo.”

“Ringham.” Senior Present
mittee, Honor Man, Asst.
Editor Argo,

Com
Literary
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE SPIRIT OF THE GAME.

When a young man enters upon his school
life his primary purpose is to obtain an edu-
cation. But while education is his primary
purpose it should be always borne in mind
that it is not an end in itself, but is only the
means to the end. It is this end which most
concerns us, and the question is, How shall
we reach it and how can we make the means
most efficient? It is a truism that we shall en-
rich ourselves in this course of preparation
only in proportion to the amount of work that
we put into it. Now the amount of work
which we put into it will be determined abso-
lutely by the character and extent of the spirit
which prompts our endeavors. In short, if we
devote ouselves to developing the proper spirit
the result will take care of itself. Among the
essential characteristics of a proper spirit is
earnestness of purpose. That this is a deter-
mining factor in our success is most vividly il-
lustrated in our athletic contests, by the fact
that whether in our foot-ball or basket-ball
games, if we enter into them with earnestness
of purpose, no matter what the numerical out-
come may be, we shall have the satisfaction
of knowing that we did the best we could do
and to that extent won a victory for ourselves.

Furthermore, this tone in every field of our
scholastic activities because from our earnest-
ness of purpose all our efforts will be marked
by that necessary force and vim which should
be in all our movements if we hope to succeed.

There is another essential characteristic in
this proper spirit and that is, that in spite of
our earnestness of purpose and in spite of the
energy which flows from it, in order to achieve
we must have an eye single to the goal. No
amount of energy, no amount of faithfulness
will count unless it is directed through the
proper channels, for without these channels it
would simply spend itself in every direction
and accomplish nothing. Now this direction
or channel can be preserved only by system
and organization. A systematic course of
procedure will enable us to apply one’s ef-
forts at proper times and in the proper places;
otherwise, when applied at an improper time
or place. they will be for naught. Also, only
by a proper organization can we see our ef-
forts portrayed to the best-of advantage, be-
cause, no matter how earnest our purpose or
how systematic we individually may be, unless
all the individuals of the group strive to blend
these various efforts into a common purpose
218 THE

there will result just so much confusion.
Nothing can be accomplished by confusion,
and to bring success there must be co-opera-
tion between various members of this group,
and that is what we call team work. Go out
on the gridiron or basket-ball floor——no mat-
ter what the individuals may strive to accom-
plish, unless it is so controlled and directed
that it will harmonize and adjust itself to a
common end, nothing results.

Besides these there is another to be consid-
ered, which is, that the whole movement both
individually and collectively must be controlled
by certain ideals, which may not be improperly
termed the “esprit de corps.” This may be
otherwise indicated by such phrases as “play
the game,” “the square deal,” meaning there-
by to be fair to ourselves and to the rest con-
cerned. We shouldn’t look for victory for
victory’s sake, or to winning a game simply to
win it; nor should we pass our examinations
simply to “get by,” for doing so we merely
cheat ourselves. What we mean by success
or victory is lasting success, not temporary ;
therefore, it is not simply to get the immediate
goal or to “get by,” but to attain the result of
ultimate purpose, which is to become helpful
members of society and good citizens. This
can be accomplished by constantly bearing in
mind that these means are not ends in them-
selves and that the greatest good to each one
of us is the greatest to all. In all our contests,
athletic or otherwise, the score of a temporary
victory or the mark of a single examination
will soon be forgotten, but the fact that even
if losing we acted honorably and fairly to our-
selves and others, and that we did the best we
could do by upright means, will achieve for us
one and all a glory and victory that will be

forever. D. Carre S.

 

YOUNG AMERICA’S FUTURE
PROBLEM.
There is a new and perhaps a discordant
note of something, as yet not clearly under-
stood, being sounded in America today, and

ARGO

while we may not be able to state just What j
is, yet it is slowly growing and intruding * it
us. As a dark cloud at first small, innipnig,
cant, yet gathering itself toge ca
and ee panes aici wae oe
é § § , it has cover.
ed the heavens and thrust the knowledge of its
presence upon all; so is this thing arising ‘in
American politics, American business and
American society.

But as the cloud in its rising has given per-
haps short but vivid flashes of what is in itself
while a listening ear could discern a rumble of
warning thunder, so has our American cloud
given ample proofs of its existence.

There is a man to-day whom two different
classes of people call by different names: the
one call him a demagogue and political boss;
the other call him a progressive statesman and
a great reformer. Which is right, we can best
leave to Time, the unraveller of all such mys-
teries, to disclose. Opposed to this man is a
“Conservative.” But who are the People
supporting? Who is getting the votes of
“Lakor ?”

We saw a poll of the supporters of this
“Conservative” in a paper the other day ; they
were Bosses and Capitalists and in short the
Political Machine. But these forces are
against the other man and it is the People who
support him.

This desire for a radical change of govern-
men must have some meaning. The cause of
the French Revolution was that- the People,
the Common People, were oppressed and
downtrodden. They rose in their might,-—for
it is the People who always possess the real
power if they are but aroused to use it—and
overthrew their oppressors and in fact all
forms of existing government.

But you say that there are no such down-
trodden class to-day as was the French pea
sant. No! We grant you that. But yet
we ask you are the people content? Would
you consider the laboring class content, when
it takes the militia to quell the rioting incident
to a mine Strike? When a great railroad aad
THE ARGO 219

and another great mine strike were averted by
Capital acceding to the demands of Labor.

Ho you consider the People content wher
you look upon the question in the light of the
McNamara case, the bloody horror of which
has paled somewhat in the light of other great
troubles and disasters with which this year
has been crowded ?

The People are not satisfied! Put the trou-
ble is not altogether one of economics, for this
unrest extends to others than the poor classes.

The American is known the world over as
a great spender. In America we have the
biggest business and richest men. The spend-
ing a great deal is the price of living in a
country that is great and growing greater,
where nearly everything is done on a large
scale, and Americans have always been ready
to pay the price. But men, not merely the
well-to-do, but the wealthy and influential are
joined with the laboring classes in the interest
of this new movement. They are experiment-
ing with the Initiative and Referendum, the
Recall of Judges and Judicial Decisions, and
like measures of radical reform and doubtful
constitutionality.

But it seems to us that the unrest in Ameri-
ca to-day is a sigh “for new worlds to con-
quer.”

There was a time when the “Conquest of
the West” if we may call it such, absorbed
the minds of the American people. The Alle-
gheny and Rocky Mountains were indeed bar-
riers, but the American spirit refused to per-
mit them to be barriers, but only obstacles
which must be overcome and which were in
the path of an inevitable goal.

The American Indian was then a stern
reality and not a romantic tale. And grim
Death Valley did not belie its name. But the
task went onward; America was to be occu-
pied, and now the task is done. Nature itself
has been conquered by the American spirit.

But can this undaunted American spirit,
built by so many years of toil, forged in so

many and so great difficulties, and hanced
from generation to generation as the most
sacred of American heritages, can this spirit,
I say, be content to settle down and now live
a dull, colorless existence? The idea is ridic-
ulous. The American spirit is eagerly look-
ing for new fields of difficult labor, which are
many, but as yet hardly explored.

What shall be done with the immigrant?
We have room for him, but that does not end
the question ; he is yet to be made a good and
useful citizen.

The Panama Canal will shortly be com-
pleted; this will lead us into new relations of
trade with countries with which there has been
no need of intercourse heretofore.

We have heard much about big business and
its regulation, what is to be done about that?
and the labor question is far from being solv-
ed,

These are America’s new problems. And
if we are in the midst of a great revolution
where America lays down the ax and rifle to
take the pen and apply the American spirit to
these new problems, let us thank God that it
is not a French revolution and as yet we have
not needed a Napoleon to break down a much
corrupted feudal system. And if the time
has come that the sun should set for the last
time on some of our present institutions, let
us not look backward and idly wish for a re-
currence of a glorious past which is never
destined to be again. But rather as true
Americans let us look forward and willingly
and gladly take up America’s future Prob-
lems.

W. H. Reeves.

 

EDUCATIONAL PROGRESS.

As the world grows older it grows more
civilized, and thus better. Of late years men
have been awakening to a fuller sense of their
responsibilities toward their fellow men, and
of the need for improvement in human rela-
tions and occupations. This awakening mani-
THE

220

fests itself in many forms. Desire for univer
sal peace is growing. Civilization 1s spr ading.
China has awakened and is now a progressive
Progressives in politics are

young republic. 5
1 Business

much in evidence here this year.
success is greater than scientific management.
Progressiveness in religion is indicated by the
interest taken in the “Men and Religion For-
ward Movement.” And in all the thousand
and one forms of human activity the note of
efficiency—better results by better methods—
is being sounded,

In this general advance education should
have a place. Already new ideas and ideals—
to some wise, to others foolish—are appearing ;
but there is much to be done.

Two things are to be considered: First,
what is taught; and second, how it is taught.
Confining myself to secondary schools — the
what concerns high schools especially; the
how, preparatory schools also.

According to the statistics of the U. S. Com-
missioner of Education, of the average 100
boys who enter high school, 41 will not return
the second year, 62 the third, and 76 the
fourth. Of the rest, between 5 and 10 will go
to college, of whom but one will really suc-
ceed there. Those who do not go to college
have profited little from the time spent in high
school.

Is this right? Is it just or fair to the boys?

Something must be done. It can be done.
I shall presently endeavor to give a suggestion
of what is to be done and how it may be done.

There is another important feature to be
considered. A prominent educator calls it
“giving a stone to the boy who asks bread.”
A poor immigrant will send his son to high
school for one or two years to learn something
that will help him earn his living when he has
to leave school to work. Yet this boy is put
at the same tasks of Latin and Greek and Al-
gebra which have stumped most of the other
hundred boys mentioned. He may succeed at
them; but even so, a page of poetry, the con-

ARGO

jugation of amo, or the binomi
alone will not earn a cent.

I am not finding fault with Latin and Greek
and Algebra. Far from it. They are ae
sary to many people for a good education,
And let the man who is working for an A :
take his fill of them. But, since only “ ae
of 100 go to college, let us not choke the go
with the food of the to.

Many of these boys have no definite pur-
pose in going to high school. Yet the duty of
the school is plain. Give the boy a good pai
cation; start him on the road to worthy citi-
senship, and teach him some thing that will
help him earn his living, for he will have to
when he leaves school.

To do this the boy must be studied, his apti-
tudes and desires found, and his talents de-
veloped by suitable work. I have not time to
mention the many ways a boy’s interest may
be gained, or the good that may be done him
by leading him to spend his time profitably in-
stead of running with a bad gang, loafing on
the streets, or worse. The grammar school
teachers know the boys, so co-operation be-
tween them and the high school teachers will
aid in this method of fitting the boy to the
work and the work. to the boy. The schools
must extend their equipment ; laboratories are
needed — work shops, carpenter shops, ma-
chine shops.

But extension of equipment alone i
enough. Methods must be brought up to date.
In all kinds of work, drill is essential, but to
make the drill thorough and effective, some

al theorem

s not

real purpose for doing — something to be
gained from it—must be evident. If no bet-
f the

ter purpose, such as the advantage Of ©
wider knowledge of the subject which the drill
affords, can be found, let the boy know that it
he learns his Latin inflections, his lines of
Shakespeare, his algebraic rules perfectly, he
may escape an examination, or, better still,

If he can draw and cut his lines

get a holiday,
e desires.

true let him make himself an article h
THE

Boys’ schools are beginning to move toward
the Ideal, which I conceive is this:

Let the school take the boy who is not going
to college; give him a sound training in Eng-
lish, with a taste for the classics; develop his
talents or teach him a trade, so that he can
fill his place in the world of business credit-
ably and successfully; and, over and above
all, fit every boy who passes through it to be-
come a first-class American citizen.

You may say, “Very well; but what has the
new movement to do with the preparatory
school, whose work is particularly preparation
for college?” The prep. school is concerned
in the revision of methods; in getting at the
old things in new ways, perhaps; at least in
ways that are efficient, and, if possible, inter-
esting. This is done, as I mentioned before,
by putting some immediate goal before the
boy; by filling the subject, or at least the
perusal of it, with interest for the boy. This
is easy to do, for instance, in American His-
tory and Civics, by comparing the topics under
discussion with current events; and illustrat-
ing the principles in others by well-known po-
litical movements of the day.

Instead of Homer’s being dry bones of 3,000
years ago, would it not be better if it were
considered a real live poem well worth read-
ing. ‘It is such a poem, but its merits are
likely to be hidden under a crust of syntax
and grammar.

Underlying the question of interest is the
question of usefulness. Swift says. “Da
mihi, Domine, scire quod sciendum est” —
“Grant, Lord, that I may know what is worth
knowing.”- Do we not all feel that way, at
last sometimes? If knowledge is worth while,
and the “worth-whileness” is apparent, we can
be sure that advantage will be taken of every
opportunity to obtain it.

In preparatory schools then, is there not
room for improvement in methods, to the end
that the real value of the classics be better
understood? The colleges are making the re-

ARGO 2a
quirements in Latin and Greek more flexible.
As another instance of making the work
more agreeable, we used this last year a Vir-
gil with notes at the bottom of the page, and
it made the task of preparing a lesson much
more pleasant. Various portions of Homer
were read to us from a good translation, and
we enjoyed it. Is this not as it should be?
If we can awaken this real interest in the
classics and see they are what we need, they
will have for us the value they undoubtedly
possess. Thus we may not only preserve them
against all criticism, but make more efficient
a most valuable part of our American educa-
tional system, the greatest, finest and best in

the world.

 

FINGER-PRINTS.

A tall dark man went slowly up the front
steps of a brown-stone house on a New York
side street. He entered the vestibule, glanced
over the row of name plates on the wall, hesi-
tated a moment, and then pushed the button
underneath a card bearing the name “Fred-
erick R. Martin.” He opened the door and
went up-stairs, along a dark corridor, and
stopped before an open door. The occupant
of the room was seated in an arm-chair read-
ing, but at the sound of footsteps he quickly
looked up. He did not seem glad to see his
visitor, for he scowled and sat down again in
silence. The other man came in, but he too
said nothing, and the two looked at each other
steadfastly for some moments before either
spoke. Then it was Martin, and he spoke
angrily, yet in a low voice.

“IT know what you're after. I can see it in
your face; but you won't get it. I’m sick of
the whole thing. We've both of us lost the
best parts of our lives, but we can at least be
honest from now on.”

“It’s well enough for you to talk, Martin,
with a cousin dying and three or four hun-
dred thousand coming to you in a week at the
furthest, but its different with me. Look
THE
222

He pulled a check book out of his

here!” )
m which checks

pocket, ran over the stubs fro i:
had been torn, and showed the other the las
one, It indicated a balance of ten dollars.
“That,” he said, “and three in my pocket.

Martin was impatient; “Well, what do you
expect? I have over five hundred left, you
have ten; I live here in this miserable board-
ing house, and you at a hotel. Why, that
necklace brought us in a good many thousands
and it’s not a year yet. Beside, you're not
old, why don’t you work and be honest ?”

“Be honest? You say that to me? I was
desperate when I lost my first job, and who
was it who then helped me ‘earn’ my first
money? I didn’t like it, you know I didn’t.
but I did as you told me. I swear, Fred, I
swear, if you help me this time it will be the
last.”

His voice was steadily growing louder and
he became more and more excited.

“Not so loud, not so loud, you fool. Re-
member, we haven’t as much privacy in our
boarding houses as you in your hotels. TI tell
you now, finally, that I won't do it. It’s not
decent and it’s not safe. Bertillon has spoilt

our game. They have our finger prints, you

know; we didn’t get away with that necklace
with much margin, and we would be the first
ones they’d suspect in another big robbery.
Besides, you know, when I get that money I
won't see you starve. You won't live in ho-
tels; it'll be my turn for that; but you won't
live in the street as when I first found you.”
“Charity ! I won't take charity from anyone,
certainly not from you. I know what it would
be! Nothing but gratitude, gratitude, grati-
tude fired at me from morning till night, why,
it would be debtor’s prison, and you know it.
And about those finger-prints down at head-
quarters, suppose I could show you how to
throw Bertillon himself off the trail, with all
his science, then what would say?” '
Martin’s eyes grew bright, he still remem-
bered the excitement of it all, the robbery at

‘thin varnish from one of the bottles.

ARGO

midnight, the newspapers the next q
chase, the crisis, and the esca nn 8Ys the
escape was narrow that last time, bu ne
got that, forgot his nine months aan he for.
forgot everything but the old alluren living
the game with the police. His hand ei -
and grasped the other's and the .. Ot og
searched each other's eyes until cay; =
they were Once more trustworthy
comrades in the fight.

“All right,” said Martin,
with you on condition—”

He did not go on and the other did
ply, but drew a right-handed glove f
pocket and slipped it on his hand.

Martin laughed. “The old glove game.”
he sneered, “why that wouldn’t balk Gilbert
for a minute. The youngest, most inexper-
ienced detective on the force would
through that.”

“Hold on a minute, will you? I'm not
done yet.” As he spoke he pulled a candle
and a couple of small bottles from his pocket
and set them‘on the table. He then went over
to the mantlepiece, got some matches, came
back and melted the candle into five soft wax
patches on the table. “Now,” he said quietly,
“quick, before the wax is hard, make the im-
pression of each of your fingers on_ those
patches, and roll your finger so as to get the
entire impression, from side to side.”

Martin did as he was told. When the wax
was hard the other man gently coated it with
“To
preserve them,” he said. Ue then coated the
glove fingers with something from the other
bottle, rolled them on the wax impressions as
Martin had done before, looked anxiously at
them for a moment and then sighed with re-
lief when he saw the impression of Martin's
fingers on them, clear and as hard as steel. “It
doesn’t always work as well,” he said, “The
rest is simple, I do the stealing and leave fin-
ger-prints, all you have to do is to stay with
a number of people at the time, the police find

Partners anq

“all right. [yy

NOt re-
Tom his

see
THE

the prints, identify them with yours, you
prove an alibi, and they will be off in another
direction before you can wink,”

Martin took the glove and looked at it curi-
ously for some time, without speaking; then
he said, “When will it be?”

“To-morrow night. All the B—s are away
and it should he easy to get some of Miss
B—’s jewelry. Don’t forget, stay with as
many friends as possible all the time.”

Without saying good-bye he was gone, and
Martin almost began to regret his promise.
Suppose something should zo wrong, suppose
the burglar should lose the glove, suppose a
hundred little things should happen, what
then? But nothing would happen and it was
wo late, anyway.

* * aK * ae * Me od aK
It was quite early in the merning of the
second day following and the two men were
’ again talking in Martin’s room. ‘They were
discussing the robbery and reading the news-
paper accounts ; how the maid had discovered
the loss of over five thousand dollars worth of
jewelry, how the police had been called in, and
how Gilbert, the detective was on the trail.

Martin’s visitor was seated hy the window.
“And here’s the glove—he said. He put his
hand into his pocket to take it out, but it was
gone; he quickly felt in all his pockets, but it
was no where! He looked up at Martin, who
was standing, reading a newspaper. Perhaps
he had not heard; perhaps if he knew he
would be nervous and give away before Gil-
bert. He looked out the window, there vasa

man coming up the steps. Here comes Gil-
bert,” he said quietly.

Martin started. “Hide the glove,” he said.
The other hesitated. “Hurry, he’ll be here in
a minute; come, give it to me.” The burglar
started to speak, but faltered; Martin looked
ot him a moment and grew pale. “You've lost
it,” he gasped. The other could only nod, He
sank into a chair and dropped his head in his
hands, completely unnerved.

ARGO 223

There was a sharp rap on the door, Martin
grasped the other man’s shoulder and pulled
him up. “Brace up,” he said, “we must be
calm. Come in.”

The detective entered. “It looked like one
of you fellows,” he said, “but you’ve grown
clumsy to leave us such a clue.”

“An interesting robbery,” Martin laughed,
“but don’t joke about it. Tell us, have you
any clue?”

“You can’t bluff me, we identified the fin-
ger-prints with yours, and I’ve come to get
you; there are policemen outside the door.”

“You don’t really mean that you suspect
me?”

“Just that. We not only suspect you but
we have evidence enough to jail you.”

“Rot! why, early yesterday afternoon I and
four friends,” he named them, “‘went down to
the Long Island Country Club. It was late
when we were done playing golf, so we spent
the night and came back on the nine o’clock
train this morning. Call them up, if you
want. There’s the telephone.”

Gilbert looked puzzled, but called up each of
the men. The answers he got did not seem
satisfactory, for he looked ‘still more puzzled
when he was through. He went over to the
door, opened it, and said in a low voice, ‘The
first time that finger-prints have failed. I beg
your pardon, Mr. Martin. Good-day.”

“Good-day,” the two men said together.

They heard his footsteps going down the
stairs and stop on the landing. There was
quiet for a moment, and then a triumphant
exclamation and they heard the footsteps com-
ing nearer up the stair.

Martin looked terrified for a moment, but
said calmly; “We may be safe still, but we
must think quickly.”

Gilbert came in, without knocking, this
time. “I’ve got you now,” he said,” did either
of you gentlemen lose this glove?” and he held
out the glove with the ten impressions on the
fingers, and then stuck it in his pocket. “Oh,
THE
224
you're clever, all right, but you et ane
careless to drop the glove; It woul¢ - . “
but I'm a fairly watchfu
y little that I don’t
“hoth in it, and now

game if it worked, |
detective and there's ver
se, I thought you were : y .
lve got the evidence. This will ran ‘
‘raise’ for me, and, take it from me, I wont
let it go.; I've worked for low pay long
enough, and I’m tired of its and for you, he
laughed bitterly, “for you it will mean Sing
Sing, and I’m glad of it. You two are too
clever to be safe when left around loose.

He was talking to the burglar, and his back
was turned to Martin. ‘The fingers of the
tell-tale glove were sticking out of the pocket
of his loose-fitting overcoat, and when he had
begun speaking Martin had quietly pulled it
out; he had taken a paper-knife from the
table and scraped the impressions from the
finger tips and had then gently replaced it in
the detective’s pocket. He edged around in
front of Gilbert when done and seemed to be
listening attentively. When the detective had
finished he spoke:

“What on earth are you talking about, Gil-
bert? That glove does belong to Mason here,
but what's that got’ to do with the robbery ?”

“Tl show you what it has to do with the
robbery, although you know well enough al-
ready.” He triumphantly pulled the glove
from his pocket. “On the fingers of this
glove there are reproductions of your finger-
prints. Mr. Martin. Now when—”

“Excuse me, Gilbert, but where are the re-
productions?” asked Martin calmly,

The detective looked at the glove. “This is
a trick,” he cried, “and it doesn’t go with me.”

AT don’t know what you mean. What
would reproductions do anyhow ?
Mason’s glove, but it’s no evidence,
one besides yourself see it before you brought
mice pk = eter, Gilbert,

d . Owever, it may h
been a mistake, the hall :
Thank you for returning
day again.”

good
That is
Did any-

avi
light’s vi
gnts very poor,

the glove. Good-

ARGO

The detective strode out and slam:
eed the

door.

“He has no real evidence,” said My,
“but he may make things rather 4.0)
Let's go to Panama for a while.”

“We will,” said Mason,

Unpleasane

“I’m sorry to

: + ys ; hav

gotten you into this, it’s a tight place, Ij ™
’ . yOu

say the word, I'll go to the police din a

them a story that will let you out all right
“Oh shut up, Dick, I won't take that from

you. Go pack up now and let’s be off.
The two men looked at each other, shcok

hands again earnestly, and Mason fj

Pped
quietly out of the door.

 

ALUMNI NOTES.

‘79. Mr. Henry Nelson, of New Bruns.
wick, died recently.

‘05. Arthur Devan, who is a student at
Oxford University, England, had an article
in the Rutgers Targum on “Life at Oxford.”

‘11: Jimmy Ziegler has been let out by the
Cleveland team to Wilmington. “Zieg”
pitched well on the training trip winning five
out of six games for Cleveland. Jimmy vis-
ited school the other day and was very much
disappointed with the base-ball team.

nr, “Friday” Fountain has been playing
a fine game at shortstop for Holyoke in the
Connecticut League.

‘09. “Blondy” Low has been elected as-
sistant manager of the Rutgers Tennis team
of which “Pinky” Prentiss ’10 is a member.
' ‘og. “Chit” Bissett is receiving many con-
gratulations from his friends on account of
his marriage. “Chit” is the fourth member
of his class to become a benedict.

Ex. ’1o. “Bunk” Twiname of Hartsdale,
N. Y., is to be married in the early part of
June. Worth Farley ’t0, who was his room
mate in Prep, will be best man,

Ex. '13. “Runt” Menzies is making good
in the outfield at the Castle Heights school
Lebanon, Tenn. ;

‘09. “Doe” Carroll is pursuing his studies

(Continued on page 236.)
 

BARRINGER HIGH VS. PREP.

Meeting their old rivals of the gridiron and
indoor court, Rutgers Prep. wiped out former
defeats from Barringer High by an over-
whelming victory over the Newarkers on the
diamond, score 10-2.

In this game, played at the Amusement
Park and witnessed by a fair crowd of fans,
the local ball tossers made a grand rally, and
for the first time this season, all plaved to-
gether and in good form. Their excellent
playing, both individually and as a team, de-
served the just reward of bringing home the
bacon.

The Prep. Boys gave exceptionally good
support, only one error being charged against
them, and the battery, Dunham and Elmen-
dorf, showed remarkable ability. They ac-
complished nine put-outs and the latter al-
lowed but seven hits.

In the first inning both teams went out in
one, two and three order. Bush, for Barrin-
ger drove a hit over second, but was caught
stealing. For Prep. Landsberg and Abrains
each caught the ball square with ‘the bat, but
on account of a strong adverse wind the
sphere was twice carried high in the air.

The second period tallied a run for each
team, Ward took first on a hit, was advanc-
ed by a sacrifice and completed the circuit on
Watts slammed a_ hot
and on that fielder’s
Crane’s timely hit brought

a wild pitch. grass
mower to left

rounded to third.

error

him home. The third inning whisked by
scoreless, but the fourth brought the Prep.
School enthusiasts to their feet. The locals
filled the cushions with one out, and then Suc-
cop tapped a bunt which safely advanced
every man.

Elmendorf repeated. Then Barringer ral-
lied and pulled a double play. The next was
the Newarker’s fatal fifth. Again Prep. filled
the bases with one out. Watts, on a fielder’s
choice, Crane on an error, and Ley on a hit.
Braun slapped a neat drive to centre, Succop
gained his station on the right fielder’s muff,
and a free base was granted to Elmendorf.
Continuing the good work of changing this to
a track meet, Landsberg rolled a bunt which
brought every runner safely to his destination.
Fortunately for Barringer, two pop flies came
next, which ended the circuiting for Prep.
Each team scored another run in the seventh,
which put a grand finale to the tallying, leav-
ing it Rutgers Prep. 10, Barringer High 2.

This contest was featured by abundance of
high flies. The lack of strike-outs charged
against them is a new characteristic of the
Prep nine. There were but three in the en-
tire game. Ley showed best form with the
wood, checking three hits. Braun’s work on
the initial sack, as well as Dunham’s at the
plate, was very commendable. Again Abrams
starred on second and from Watts’ four put-
outs at third, we can also say that he was on
the job.
226 THE
RUTGERS PREP,

ab r h po a e
Landsberg, ss... 3 0 FTF 1 2 90
Abrams, 2b..... 4 I 1 2 5 !f
Dunham, c. ....- 2 0 1 9 2 90
Watts, 3 b. ..... 3 2 1 4 90 0
Crane 1: £4 acc 4 2 1 0 0 0O
Ae ae Se A es ee ee Sa)
Braun, 1 b. ..... 4 I 1 1 0 0
Succop, c. f. ..... 22 t1+00 0
Elmendorf, p. d 0 ft 0 3 0

—_ Ha — —-

27,10 It 27 13 I

B. H. S.

ab r h po ae
Hollander, c.f... 35 0 0 0 0 O
Bush, s. s. ...... 4 08 2 2 3. 0
Zabriskie, 1b. ... 5° 0 2 9 2 °«0
Dempsey, c. ..... 4 0 0 6 3 2
Ward, ©. fas ina 2:2. B -Taso f
Jose, 3b. ....... 3) Or, [iors ot
Johnson, 2b..... 4 O 1 6 2 ¢f
Burke, 1. f. ...... 4 OO 6-0 6
Raschkover, p. 2 OO BO: I -O
WIGS Pi. corcces LO “6-68 6° 6

OL = et _—

$2 .-2- 7 2h: Tes

Score by innings:

Barringer ....... OTO0000I100—2
Rutgers Prep. ... 01026010 x—10

Umpire—Howard J. Groben.

 

FOOT-BALL SUMMARY.

During this season of 1911, the foot-ball
squad has worked hard and earnestly to repre-
sent the school to the best of their ability.
They have accomplished this end and have
done their work well. Although their games
were not all victories, yet they have shown
that manly clean players come from Rutgers:
Prep. and this is far better showing to make
than one of high scores.

This year’s team was exceptionally light
and was also handicapped by the lack of ex-
perienced men. Captain Succop was not in
the least discouraged, but went right to work

ARGO

with his raw material and did everything j
his power to develop an efficient team, Fig
der Coaches Gargon and Archibald, to wh
we are deeply indebted, the new candid
improved rapidly.

The R P has been awarded to the follow.
ing: /

Captain Succop, right tackle; steady player
with sound judgment and in every way com.
petent of captaining his team, which he did
remarkably well. Played in seven games,

Abrams: right halfback; Best ground gain-
er. Fast and sure, a decided help to the ever
advancing backfield. Played well on the sec-
ondary defense. Scored three touch downs,
Played in seven games.

Brainard: Substitute centre; Always on the
scene of action and a sure tackler. Played in
four games.

Braun: Left end; His tackling in the first
few games was brilliant, but later his clever-
ness changed to steadiness. Played in six
games,

Busch, C.: Left half-back ; Veteran foot-ball
player of Rutgers Prep. Good at defense
work but better in advancing the ball. Skill-
ful in forward-passing. Played in seven games.

Dunlop: Right end; Light, but effective in
breaking up interference. Followed the ball.
Played in seven games.

Elmendorf: Left guard; Steady and un-
daunted. Splendid ability to break through
the opposing line and tackle hard. Played in
six games.

Fleming: Substitute guard; Like a stone
wall against the plunging backs. Immovable.
Played in five games.

Hassell: Left tackle; Fierce and intrepid.
Always played hard and perfect in opening
holes in the opposing line. Played in seven
games,

Ley: Fullback; Best tackler. Speed and
unerring judgment in finding the holes were
his qualities. The undisputed star of the
team. Scored two touchdowns.’ Played ™
seven games,

l Tne
tom
ates
 

Captain Succor.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cartain ELMENDORF. Carrain Wutre,
THE
a8
Very important as he

Mittag, L.: Centre; '
i Javed in seven

started the ball in every play. |
yanies, .
: Watts: Substitute quarter; Light,
and. slippery. Although very skillful,
good in carrying the ball he was not confident
in himself enough to take full charge ot the
team, Played in six games.

White: Quarterback; From this position
he generalled the team well and made many
long runs. Very able at dodging. Scored
two touchdowns, one field goal and kicked
four goals. I'layed in seven games.

Zeitz: Right guard; Strong in line work.
Stopped many line plunges. Played in six

fast,
and

games.

THE PLAYERS. HEIGHT. WEIGHT.
Succop, Captain ............ 5.9 154
ADTAMS, seco asthe par garatinaet leet «tga 5.914 168
Brainard. s catiyeghscw-sdsl aeer® 5.8% 130
BEAU ses ways wept ogee os 5.10% 145
Busch} Cs vreau eon weae ses ees 5.11 159
DUNIGp ewe Meee oR scan ce 5.5 130
PIMGNAORE Hise! St agile dius. 5.9 1608
Flemming baie ar eas ne atta! 5.7 155
LASSE le “\s,...teseeh hte ndydhte lax ni hiGraap's 5.10% 159
TERY, cian Rabies scald aware a hehe iNeed 5.8% 145
MIS, ws evar tera etoanudn ag 5.10 158
MVAttS | css atta eels w veen chess st Sa 5-44 T25
WWHITE iss sett sere Soir ecole ed ateord 5.11 145
LCM 5s, endueredege inne ccrers ad Aa 5-9 150

PNVETARE Piyese) nats Baers Syexe. al 5.8% 149

RECORD OF GAMES,

Preps x03 ¢5.4/5 @ “Bawling: .se.1 25 heres 52
PED» sleek ek 9 New Brunswick High. 0
Prepie cso sree s o Newark Academy ..... 5
FEED csneis spavens o Newark High ........ at
BrOp Siac v0 27 TAABIN ecesors- overs budhs bon Sor oO
Preps anaes 6 Rutgers Freshmen .... 5
Piepear sew es o Wilson Mil. ........,, 6
Total........ 42 89

The team was sorry to lose Dunham who
had excellent ability in punting. Also they
admire the determination of Conger, Voor-

ARGO

hees, Landsberg and Iloagland, whe stick |,
the squad until the end of the season, The
whole school appreciates their help in y Taine
on the scrub to benefit the varsity. .
them played in one or more games
not enough to win the letter.

The members of the team also wish to thank
Mr. Sangree for his excellent work in coach.
ing and advising and greatly appreciate his
coming out and rubbing up against a hard
scrimmage line.

The number of games this season was smal]
on account of four cancellations. Three of
these because of rain and the other by a mis-
understanding between the managers. These
four, Morristown High, Trenton High, Stev-
ens Prep. and Fordham Prep. were all schools
that we would like to have played and hope
will be able to play next vear.

Most ef
although

BASKET-BALL SUMMARY.

A team, light, but fast on the floor and
showing excellent team work. As a whole
poor in shooting, but a team that would fight
to the end.

R. P. WINNERs.

Succop, captain, left guard: the main stay
of the team. Always good at. dribbling and
often skilled in shooting. Played in rr
games. 74 points.

Watts, right guard: Small and agile. Very
clever shot. Wonderful at dodging. Played
in 9 games. 44 points.

Ley, left guard: Inconsistent. Plays were
always spectacular. Skilled on long shots.
Played in tr games. 37 points.

Braun, right guard: An excellent guard and
wonderfully adapted to team work. Played
in 7 games. 16 points.

Busch, centre: Steady. Always played con-
sistently, which counts in the long run. Play-
ed ing games. 18 points. ;

Allgair, centre: Good at intercepting passes
and controlling the ball at centre. Played in
6 games, 4 points.

Zeitz, right guard: A good guard and
strong passer. Played in 6 games. 8 points.
 

FOOT-BALL TEAM.

Standing: Brainard (Manager), Flemming, Elmendorf, Abrams, Braun, Sucecop (Captain)
Ley, C. Busch, Mittag, Hoagland, Hassell.

Sitting: Voorhees, Dunlop, Watts, Landsberg, Conger.
 

230 THE
GAMES PLAYED.

Prep..... 30 Johnson & Johnson... “
Prep..... 16 Rahway HH. S..e+e++s 52
Prep..i.. 6 State School ...eeeeeees 11
Prep..... 2 Darringer H. Sisvscecves a
PREPivse» 29 Mackenzie ..sseeeee eee 17
Prep..... 9 Lawrenceville ...+-+++++ 37
Prep,.... 17 Bordentown .-..++erer0* 29
Preps’... 16 Barringer H. S...-.- +++ 27
Prep... 0+ a1 Kingsley ...--.e+eeerrrs 15
Prep..... 32 New Brunswick H. S...- 9
Prep..... 26 State School. «2: ste ets « 9

Total 258

Total 204

 

REVIEW OF CALENDAR.

Sept. 26. Election of Student Association
officers.

Sept. 28. Class Elections.

Oct. 12. Columbus Day.

Nov. 3. Dance and Reception at the Dormi-
tory.

Noy. 29. Thanksgiving vacation.

Dec. 5.

Dec. 19. Christmas Banquet.

Dec. 20. :

Jan. 3. Christmas vacation.

Feb. 9. Dance at the “Trap.”

Feb. 20. Y. M. C. A. elections.

Feb. 22. Washington’s Birthday.

April 5-16. Spring vacation. Base-hall team

takes a Southern trip,

April 27. Dance and Reception at the Dormi-
tory.

May 24. Y. M. C. A. Banquet.

May 30. Decoration Day,

June 10-12. Final Examinations,

June 14. Commencement. Senior dance,

ARGO

A new departure in the social activities of
the school was made on Friday evening, May
24, when the year’s work of the Y. M. C4.
was brought to a highly satisfactory and suc.
cessful close with the first annual banquet at
the Trap Dining Hall.

Because of the apparently hearty Way in
which the fellows responded to the efforts of
the social committee, a2 very commendable
sum of money was placed at their disposal
thus enabling them to make the occasion en-
tirely worth while.

The Dining Hall was very tastefully and
attractively decorated with penants and dog-
wood blossoms, producing a very pleasing ef-
fect. There was also an abundance of good
things to eat and the fellows lost no time in
exercising their gastronomic skill to the full.
The menu was as follows:

Cream Tomato Soup
Chicken on Toast Mashed Potatoes
Salads
Creamed Corn Pickles and Olives

Ice Cream Cake and Coffed

After these things had been duly disposed
of President Kelly introduced the speaker of
the evening, Rev. N. A. Merritt, Jr., pastor of
the First Baptist church. Mr. Merritt made
a brief address appropriate to the occasion
and the evening’s festivities were brought to
a close with a hearty cheer.

SENIOR ALPHABET.
A—stands for altitude to which we've ascend-

ed.

B—stands for Brainard whose Prep days are
ended. “

C—stands for Chris, who for short is called
“Booze.”

D—stands for Dunlop, a cure for the blues.

E—stands for Elmendorf, our base-ball cap.

I—stands for Farley, who lives at the “Trap.”

G—stands for Graduation, which comes in
June.

H--stands for harmony, sung to the moon. |

I—stands for Ingham, Honor man in his
class,

J—stands for Jollity, here unsurpassed.
