 

 

 

NN

Yo

 

 

fa ee

 

NEAREST

SSNS

we

DMO EIILE, ZC LCACE_

« RUTGERS * PRERARATORY « SCHOOL

  

We uch hhidd MEL LEZ 2p

aS

a

 

 

 
THE ARGO

Rutgers College ant Rutgers Scientific Schoo

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

covvrveenagservneveneenenenoenseensgnest
The Classical Department is Broad and Th h

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, and the Mechanic

s iS In this Department there are eight full courres, each

German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, dealing fo the fom egies in Science, B.Sc. .

see, : ‘i I. urse in griculture.
History, Political Science, Philosophy, aA Course in Cirll:Enghiocsing!
Physics, Chemistry and Biology. 3. A Course in Chemistry.

4. A Course in Electricity.
5. A Course in Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four 6. a posree in Clay Wotkio and Ceramics,
. ns 7 did: st ives 7 urse in echanica. ngineerin; le
the & are Setar: Sa ee 8. A Course in General Science, *
the degree of A.B, And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does
not lead to a degree.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in For catalogues and other informati dd: JIN
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for | UPSON, Registvar: r information, address IRVING S,
Greck, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt. : W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D., President.

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL BOOK STORE
W. R, REED

School, Office and General Stationary Supplies of

Every Description
880 GEORGE STREET NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

~

B. U. TAPKEN, JEWELER =

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.
111-113 CHURCH ST. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS and JACKETS wade aes sor DRESS GOODS and SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings.

P. J. Jouna Dry Goods Go. satritu

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tur ARco.

a

 
 

THE ARGO 77

The College Store THE VAN DEURSEN PHARMACY

Furnishings and Custom Made

Clothes for Men of Fashion
ALWAYS SOMETHING NEW Cor. George and Paterson Sts.

O’NEILL’S, {01 Church Street New runswick, N. J.
Sweater Coats, Gauntlets and Gloves

——STEWART & CLAYTON——
109 Church Street

HABERDASHERS Established 81 Years

NIFTY SHONS
Young Men

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.

Lewis Hoagland, Prop.

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Foot-Ball, Basket-Ball and Athletic Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

 

 

 

QO. O. STILLMAN, ©. BE. BEDI ORD,
Jeweler and Optician. Confectionery and Ice Cream
DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. Lowney’s and Apollo Chocolates
CARD Cea seG AND WEDDING. INVITATIONS. 6 French Street, Opposite P. RA. R. Station
133 ALBANY STREET. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J
S. ZIMMERMAN, CG. Golbuit
Barber. Merehant «= Tailor,
Also Birds and Fishes, 359 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tue Arco,

 

 
 

78 THE

Compliments of

ARGO

The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Co.

Telephone 52 and 5l

866 George Street

 

WILLIAM GAUB,
Meats > Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 
   
 

 

Oh You Prep’s

Cool weather means heavier
SUITS, Warm OVERCOATS,
this is my business.

It is always wise to LOOK
BEFORE YOU BUY no mat-
ter where you have been
trading, our Suits and Overcoats this
season are exceptionally good looking.

WRIGHT & DITSON SWEATERS, DENTS GLOVES
KNOX HATS

W. K. Grater, *hen Brsnae REET

RANDOLPH
Foto-grater.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

*Phone 229-w.

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.
College Snaps.

We Make a Special Little Picture.

CALL AND SEE US.

 

Rensselaer “»,
guPolytechnic%,
“ja, Institute,

“”“, Troy, N.Y.

Local examinations provided for. pict 2 or a catalogue.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tue Arco,

 
sal
Land
ey

 

4

ARGO. |

 

 

 

 

THE INVISIBLE MAN.

On the corner of a little street in Magde-
burg, Germany, stood a house, or, rather, a
shanty, for it was only one story high and
had but three small rooms. The owner was
an ugly man, rather short, and known by his
neighbors as the stingiest and dirtiest man in
the universe. He was feared by the children,
who made a wide berth of his hovel when
necessity compelled them to go in that direc-
tion.

Nitcha, for that was the old German’s name,
lived alone except for a cat, an ugly beast
with one eye, a bright one at that. His mas-
ter was deeply interested in chemistry, for one
room was full of bottles of every description,
while another was his experimenting room.
The third and last one was used for every-
thing else, from a bed room to a store room.

One night a fierce storm struck the city and
raised havoc, terrifying the inhabitants, and
striking with its lightning and causing trouble
in general. Nor did old Nitcha’s house escape
notice; but the trouble caused there was of a
different sort, A bolt struck a tree and it fell
crashing on top of the roof, scaring the old
cat out of his wits and causing him to land on
his master’s bed and incidentally on the old
man’s head. This made the sleeper wake with
a start, and upon hearing the storm he jumped
out of bed and ran to his laboratory.

New Brunswick, N. J., Marcu, 1910.

No.

e
2

He turned on the light, put on his old
glasses, and investigated to see if his things
had been disturbed. Everything was safe ex-
cept a pane had been broken in his dilapidated
window. Suddenly a bolt of lightning en-
tered through the broken pane, whirled
around, knocked two or three bottles over,
and passed through the open door and out of
the roof through the hole the tree had made.

If there had been any fear in the chemist’s
heart it had disappeared, for he ran with a cry
to the bottles that had been knocked into a
basin of liquid and had broken. As he
reached the mixture a flash of white light
came from the dish, and broken bottles, corks
and all were gone. He looked into the basin
but could see nothing. This set him to think-
ing. Suddenly an idea struck him and he
placed his hand in the dish. He drew it out
and—there was no hand. He grabbed at the
place where his arm should have been with
his other hand and felt—his arm. It was then
that his eyes lit up with greed and he smiled
to himself.

He went to the bed room and found his cat
under the bed. Seizing the terrified beast he
ducked him in the invisible fluid and pulled
out a collar and a blind eye. This may sound
strange, but it was true. This marvellous
fluid made one invisible to the human eye; but
only living things were thus affected. That
is why the cat’s blind eye and collar remained
visible. Without a moment's thought the
inventor took off his clothes, bathed himself
in the liquid, and then stood before his mirror.
His eyes saw only a pair of glasses reflected.
With a cry of joy he danced around as if in
delirium. Then he went to bed and slept the
rest of the night through,

The next morning he got up and found
himself still invisible. Grinning with his plans
of becoming rich at last, he dressed himself.

 

 
 

SVEN”

80 THE

Here he met an unexpected surprise, for
when he looked at his mirror again he was
minus a face and hands. What was he to do?
His find would not affect clothes, and he had
not even thought of an antidote in his gluttony.

All that day he stayed in his laboratory try-
ing to find an antidote, but without success.
It was then mid-summer, and the intense heat
outside caused him to lose his temper. Look-
ing around he saw a collar in the middle of
the floor and aimed a mighty kick at it, but
the collar moved in time and went at a rapid
pace out the broken window. The master
thought he would like to have some fun out of
his foolhardy actions but waited till the next
day, which was even warmer than its prede-
cessor. So at ten that morning Herr Nitcha
sallied forth in his skin. As he stood before

his door he saw a dog chasing a cat, coming _

directly toward him. When the cat was al-
most on him he spread his legs and it ran
through without knowing anything peculiar
had happened. But the dog struck something
which he hadn’t seen, which sent him flying.

This satisfied the man that he was really in-
visible, so he proceeded down the street to a
large jewelry shop and slipped in. Several
people outside were looking at the jewels and
trinkets displayed in the show window. Sud-
denly a woman said ‘to here husband, “Hans,
see that big diamond ring in the center. There,
there, it is moving by itself.” Sure enough,
the case and ring were moving rapidly over
the back of the case and disappeared with a
jerk. Another and another went in a similar
way, until a large crowd collected. Picking
up what he had, the thief ran out the store
with them and down the street toward his
home. No one followed, so astonished were
they, until it was too late.

Reaching home, the rascal hid the goods and
went out again for lunch. He entered a large,
first-class restaurant and seated himself at a
small table opposite a man who was deeply in-
terested in the paper and evidently waiting for

ARGO

his meal. Soon it came, an excellent one at
that, and the uninvited guest unconsciously
smacked his lips. Setting aside his paper, the
customer prepared to do full justice to his
meal, and was so engrossed in ‘his eating that
he did not observe some of his food disappear-
ing in a manner that puzzled a young man a
couple of tables away. This young man was
in company with three others, all four of whom
were in high spirits. [Finally the one who had
noticed the strange sight said, “Karl, look at
that table.’ “Where?” asked his neighbor.
“There! see that man’s food going of itself.”
“The man is drunk,” laughed his companions,
but they too were startled, and so was every
one. Something was moving toward the door .
at a slow space—something the size of a cro-
quet ball. It stopped. Then it went at a
rapid rate through the door and down the
street, leaving the people in the restaurant in
a strange state of mind.

The feaster reached home, having learned
another thing: he could not go abroad after
eating until his food had digested. After an
hour at home he again went out, to the bank
this time. He saw an automobile stop and a
portly man get out. Just as the machine
started off our friend leaped in and pulled the
robes up over him and enjoyed a long ride in
the country to a fine country home. The car
did not stop until it reached the shed, where
the joy-rider got out and investigated the
place. He became uneasy, as he wished to get
home by night, but he got out of this predica-
ment by another idea. He found a telephone
from the house to the garage. He called up
the chaffeur and ordered him to go to the city
in half an hour and bring out a friend who
would be waiting at the theatre. , Then the
scoundrel hastened to the auto and waited
nearby till the chaffeur took his seat. Herr
Nitcha took his, had an enjoyable ride to the
theater, and left the chaffeur by telling him to
drive home. The man looked around but no
one was nearby, which puzzled him. The poor

 
THE

fellow waited for an hour over time and then
returned.

The invisible man had had a good day’s fun,
and by the end of the week all Magdeburg was
intensely excited. Herr Nitcha’s name became
implicated in the strange happenings and the
police investigated. They never found him in
—found him, 1 repeat—but they were always
rudely received, either by a blow over the head
or some acid thrown in their faces, or other
unpleasant things. The men became fright-
ened and.would not go near the place, and the
owner was undisturbed for a while.

 

But he was thoroughly uncomfortable and
again tried to find an antidote to regain his
visibility, but his efforts were fruitless. He
decided to leave the town, and rigged up a
mask, found an old wig and dressed himself
up, putting gloves on his hands.
his stolen wealth in his pockets and slipped
out. Suddenly he was confronted by a pistol.
What should he do? Quick as a wink he
snatched off his hat, his mask and wig, and
waited. The other raised his lantern and gave
a cry of terror but still kept the pistol levelled,
but at the man’s heart, for he could see no
head. Suddenly the chemist turned and ran
for his hovel and slipped in, but with a bullet
in his back. He locked the door and quickly
undressed ‘himself,—then waited. The shot
had brought some twenty policemen to_ the
scene. The situation was explained and the
house was soon surrounded.

The morning dawned and showed the house
guarded at every point of escape.. The in-
spector arrived and traced a path of blood to
the front door, which he opened. He entered
cautiously into the bed room and looked about
him. As his eyes fell on the bed he thought
he saw a faint form lying there. He ap-
proached nearer and after five minutes he
could discern the form of a naked man there.
It seemed to become clearer and clearer. Fi-
nally the form groaned, then spoke. “I am
dying. Leave me alone.” “But,” exclaimed
the astonished inspector, “explain,” The dy-

He placed .

ARGO 81
ing man explained all in fits and starts and
finished by saying, “When I am dead my body
will be visible, for life is extinct.”

The chemist was right. When, after five
minutes, the man ceased breathing, the body
became perfectly visible. The inspector cov-
ered it and quietly left the house, thankful #hat
his desire to become invisible, a hope enter-
tained by many, had not been granted him.

H. F. S. ’o9.

A MISS IS AS GOOD AS A MILE.

Catharine Lang was the belle of the most
select social circle in one of our large cities.
Her family had not only wealth but were from
a good substantial family.

Ralph Langdon was also of a good old fam-
ily stock but was not blessed with ready
money, which of course is a great necessity in
_this good world of ours. He had worked his

way through college. A year had passed since
he graduated from Yale, and he was a clerk
receiving small pay and had very little hope
for advancement in the concern.

In short, these two, Catharine Lang and
Ralph Langdon, were in love with each other.
Ralph saw that it was impossible for him to
marry Catharine in his present possi-
tion. He resolved to go out into the world
and carve a future for himself and the girl he
loved. This is how he decided to go to

laska.

“Well, dear, I think I shall start out to-
morrow morning for Alaska and see if I can
make good there. I have just received a tel-
egram from the Government telling me that
they have an open position and for me to go
out there at once, so you see I am off to-mor-
row morning.” She fairly gasped ‘What!
Are you going crazy?” “No,” he replied; “to
the contrary am coming to myself out of a
year’s sleep.” “Then you really mean it?”
“By all means; but first, you must promise
me that you will wait for me three years from
to-day. In case I do not return three years
from to-night you will know T have failed.”

 

 
 

82 THE

She promised this and then they kissed and
parted.

Three years is a long time and especially
when a nice young man of wealth comes into
a girl’s life and when a girl’s parents are
anxious that she should be fixed for future life.

* % * * * %

When two and a half years passed and
Catharine heard nothing from Ralph and her
parents were becoming angry that she did not
accept George Franklin—the new young man
—she gave way and finally consented to be
married to him. She gave for an excuse that
she did it to keep peace in the family.

* % * * * %

It was the morning of the wedding, which
was to be held at high noon, and it was also
the morning of that eventful night when
Ralph had departed. Catharine was getting
ready for the ceremony when suddenly the
door bell rang and the butler announced to her
that a man wished to see her and it was of the
utmost importance. She hesitated a moment
and finally told the butler to tell the man she
would be down in a minute.

When she entered the parlor in her bridal
gown she did not recognize the bent-over fig-
ure on the lounge, and the hair had streaks of
gray which to her were unfamiliar. Nor did
the man hear her light entry on the velvet car-
pet. Only when she had spoken the second
time did he rouse from his melancholy reverie.

“You sent for me?” she inquired.

“Yes,” he said, and stood erect and faced
her. She screamed and rushed into his em-
brace and pinched his face and hands to see if
it really were he from Alaska well and alive.

Then he told her of his good fortune. He
had been advanced from time to time and
finally had gotten enough money to buy some
land. On one of his trips in looking over his
land he happened to stumble over a rock. As
is natural he turned to see what it was, and
behold, a great mass of shining stuff was be-
fore him. When his specimens were analyzed

ARGO

and tested they were found to be real gold.
In one lucky moment he had become owner of
one of the richest gold mines in Alaska,

“I'm so happy, Ralph,” she kept on repeat-
ing. But finally she grew tired of this and
said, “Oh, you darling boy,” and at that she
soundly kissed him.

* * * * * *

Of course there was no wedding at the
Langs that day, as it was to be a house wed-
ding. But there was a very simple one at the
Rey. Dr. Thompson's, for Catharine had
slipped away in a traveling costume and be-
came Mrs. Ralph Langdon; and not long af-

terward her people forgave her completely.
Ravpu T. B. Topp.

 

THE CANNON SCRAP.

Many articles have been written on this
subject and all the older members of our
school are familiar with the story, but for the
sake of the fellows who are new comers in
New Brunswick the following tale is told.

On the campus of Princeton University is
an old cannon which was used in the Revolu-
tion to show the Red Coats what a warm re-
ception New Jersey had for them. Tradition
had it that the gun was manned by Rutgers
students at the battle of Princeton. This was
a mistake. The cannon was used by Prince-
ton men, while the Queen’s College boys sent
dismay to English hearts with another piece
which has disappeared. To the bravery of the
Princeton and Rutgers men the battle of
Princeton stands a monument. However, it
was held that the cannon at Princeton be-
longed to Rutgers, and whenever a New
Brunswicker was being shown about Prince-
ton the gun was pointed out and the visitor
told: “There is your cannon. Why don’t you
come and take it?” Several attempts were
made but failed. In 1876 some members of
the class of ’78 decided to get the gun. John
Whitehead, a member of the class, went to
Princeton and measured the space from the

 
THE

buildings, the roads and the gates, to the gun.
He also found out where the greatest danger
of discovery was. The next evening a group
of the class of ’78 started for Princeton. Ar-
riving there they left the wagon outside the
campus. By following Whitehead’s measure-
ments they quickly found the gun. It was a
very cold night, the temperature being around
zero. At twelve o'clock they started to dig.
This had to be done very carefully for fear of
detection. The Rutgers men were almost
caught once when the “Owl” dropped fifty
Princeton students, who luckily were a trifle
under the weather. The cannon being dug up,
had to be carried to the wagon. This was a
very tedious job, as the gun was heavy and
the night cold. At about four o’clock it started
on its triumphal journey to the “noisy college
town on the banks of the old Raritan.” Just
as chapel was dismissed a wagon drove up the
campus with a dozen sleepy looking individu-
als in it. When the precious burden was dis-
covered the college went wild. No recitations
were heid that day. In the afternoon word
was received from Princeton that the whole
college was coming down to take the gun. As
the Rutgers fellows would be outnumbered
three to one they were in a quandary. While
they were in a discussion a delegation from
the New Brunswick Fire Department came in
and said that on the ringing of the college bell
the whole department would come up and help
receive the visitors. Upon hearing this the
Princeton students changed their minds. At
night the Rutgers boys had sentries on the in-
side and outside of the campus patroling up
and down. Then the cannon was taken down-
town and hidden under the coal in the Ross
coal yards. At this time the Princeton men
lost heart and their President wrote to the
President of Rutgers stating that the gun
never belonged to the Queen’s College men.
Upon receipt of this letter the gun was sent
back. Phus the affair ended most gloriously
for Rutgers. And, fellows, if a Princeton man
ever pokes fun at our collge, ask him to tell
the story of the “Cannon Scrap.”

ARGO 83

SMILE.

When you feel yourself a slippin’, and things
are goin’ all dead wrong, just let the smiles
come drippin’ off your lips, and hum a song.
You'll have to struggle with the feelin’ to cuss
a little, now and then, but, soon, the smiles ’Il
come a stealin’ in where the frown a might ha’
been. Then the day will somehow brighten,
as the clouds dissolve away, and the weary
heart will lighten, with the song and happier

day. Scorr Fraser Hopce.
ALUMNI NOTES.
‘98. Jonathan F. Scott has accepted the

position of Instructor in History of Education
in the University of Chicago for the year
IQIO-IQII.

’o2, T. A. Devan was in town on a vaca-
tion from Johns Hopkins Medical College in
Baltimore, Md. He is in his senior year there
and will receive his degree in the spring.

’o4. Douglas J. Fisher, who while in col-
lege was foot-ball captain, and halfback for
two years, has refused an offer to become
coach for the Occidental College, Los Angeles,
Cal. While at Prep. Mr. Fisher was captain
of that famous team that didn’t lose a game.

‘o4. Joe McFadden is occasionally seen
around town.

06. F. E. Mason and D. F. Elmendorf
(’07) are on the Rutgers debating team.

‘06. Hommann and Sangster (’07) will
probably make the Rutgers base-ball team.
Prentiss (’09) is also on the team.

’o6. Andreae is pitching for Rutgers.

‘og. Ross is becoming an expert club
swinger, It is rumored there is intercollegiate
stuff in him.

Ex-ro. Jack Voorhees is attending the
Sedgwick School, Great Barrington, Mass.

Ex-’o9. Jack Rolfe was seen fussing at a
recent gym. meet.

Mr. Cook is captain of the Rutgers gym.
team for next year.

 

 

 
 

84 THE ARGO

 

 

THE ARGO,

Published Monthly During the School Year,
BY THE

__ RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCH SCHOOL, _

Entered in the Bie “Bireivawile: Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

 

PRINTED BY J, HEIDINGSFELD.

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

Editor-in-Chicf
RAYMOND BOVEY SRARLE
Assistant Editor
OuARL'S RITTER
Litcrary
P. RITTER = CONOVER
News

R, BUSSEL
b. Wnitr

L. Erickson

R. WORTENDYKE
Athletics
R. WILLARD

Alamni
Hi. F, Sauron

Business Managers
R. T. B, Topp R. W. SEARLE

School Directory
Pres. Y. M. C, A., F. BLANCHARD
PRES. STUDENTS ASSO., R. B. SEARLE
Capt. FOoTBALL ‘10, D. WHITE
Cart. BASKETBALL, E. ELMENDORF
Capt Track, G. MORRISON
Mar. FootBaLh, J, CONGER
MGR. BASKETBALL, G. MORRISON
MGr. Track, G. PRatr
Capt, Caprts, R, B FOUNTAIN

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All comimuniestons should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-
panied Nae the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the acliool students, and

alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

New Jersey.—In the great confederation
which constitutes our country there is one lit-
tle State which holds up the glory of the na-
tion in every way. Once famous on account
of the voracious mosquito, it is now doubly
noted as being the home of the eradication of
this obnoxious pest. Once notorious as the
founder and friend of trusts, it has now earned
the gratitude of the world by starting a war
on these corporations. New Jersey is the third
smallest State in the Union, but it ranks with
the first division in population and wealth. It
has been the home of many famous men, such
as Thomas Edison, Grover Cleveland and
Leon Erickson. The resorts of New Jersey
are of worldwide fame and thousands of vis-
itors spend the summer at these places. In
education it leads the world. Such institutions
as Stevens, Rutgers and the Rahway Reform-
atory are beyond comparison. Of the smaller
colleges Princeton is well known. New Jersey
produces many things, including commuters,
whiskey and red mud. It was the third State
to sign the Declaration of Independence, and
for independence its like has never been seen.
It is the home of the Edison Phonograph,
Wheatena and Feigenspan’s Lager Beer.
Many jokes are thrown at Jersey, but an old
proverb says, “He who laughs last, laughs
best.” The rest have had their turn, and soon
the laugh will be on them.

Base-Batt.—All out for base-ball! The
national game has no equal and every one
should enjoy it. We have “the makings” of
a fine team and an efficient coach who will
teach us inside ball.

Every student is expected to put on his best
broadcloth and hie him down to Elizabeth on
April 30 to see the slaughter. We hate to do
it, Pingry, but we must... In all probability a
special car will be obtained to take the team
and rooters down. We must win the game;
and remember the question of who will be the
victor lies with you, Pingry has not enough
THEARGO 85

ball players to touch our team if every one is
working to win. So come out and do your
hest for Rutgers Prep.

Luncu Room.—The Lunch Room has
proved a great success. It furnishes the fel-
lows with good wholesome food at a low price.
At the same time it brings a little money to
the Students Association, where it is badly
needed. i

Arco.—A box will be placed in the Recep-
tion Room of the school for suggestions for
the Arco. If you see anything which is need-
ed write it out and put it in. All kickers will
win the gratitude of the management by reg-
istering the kicks there and not spreading
them broadcast throughout the school. Re-
porters can drop their articles in this box in-
stead of bothering the busy editor. No sug-
gestions such as “kill the editor” and “lynch
the staff” will be heeded.

 

Y. M.C. A—Y. M. C. A. meetings are held
every Sunday evening at the Trap. It is
strange that so few town fellows attend them,
as they are most interesting and instructive.
The school orchestra furnishes some fine music
and all the fellows join in the singing. Mr.
Scudder generally winds up the program with
a talk on some practical subject.

Sa

Pusu.—Spring is here and summer well on
its way. It is time that we were planning
where to spend the vacation. Some will go to
the shore, some to the mountains, and some to
work. In this way all will be brought in touch
with strangers. Then is the time to help your
school. Drop a word or two about it, tell
stories of the school life, about the college, the
athletics and events of interest. If you find a
young fellow who is interested, get into the
game, Send his name and address to the Reg-
istrar. Get the fellow to write to him, and
show him in every possible way that Rutgers

Prep. is the only place in the wide, wide world
for him. We need men. And it is up to you
fellows to get them. You who are Prep. men
are the best examples of what we turn out
here. If you are a snob, then our school will
be regarded as snobbish; but if you are a good
congenial fellow, full of praise for Prep., then
we win, Remember, we need men for foot-
ball, base-ball and basket-ball, and it is your
place to see that they are obtained.

 

Speakers. — A new and very interesting
program is being used in the morning exer-
cises at school. The regular religious meeting
is conducted by one of the fellows. Once a
week an outside speaker tells the fellows of the
opportunities in business, law, medicine, etc.
These speakers are men who have had experi-
ence, and their advice is worth heeding. By
this innovation the exercises have been made
much more interesting and the fellows are tak-
ing hold and making the thing go.

 

Sing a song of the U. S. A.
T'll tell you where to go.

New York, there it’s very gay,
While Georgia is quite slow,
Pennsy for her coal mines,

Illinois for her ham,
Jersey for herself, that’s all,
For niggahs Alabam.
(Author does not wish to die.)

What is this we hear about you in Chemis-
try, Pud?

The people living around the Trap were
greatly pleased the other night when at eleven
o'clock the Prep. orchestra began to play. The
musicians were seated on the roof, so that all
the nearby sleepers would get the benefit of
the selections. Ten pieces were rendered and
the entertainment wound up with the execu-
tion of “On the Banks of the Old Raritan.”
It is hardly fair to say that the tune was exe-

cuted. It was murdered,
 

 

 

 

86 THE ARGO

given, Mr. Ordway acting as toast-master. Af-
ter the banquet the entire class was grabbed
by the Sophomores, who made them sing to
the moon, parade, and perform other stunts.

 

The Orchestra gave a concert at school on
March 24 which was greatly appreciated by
the fellows.

 

 

The following have been the speakers at the
schoo!: John P. Wall “Honesty in Business” ;
William MacNeill, “The Call to the Ministry” ;
Professor Mulford, “Teaching as a Profes-

CALENDAR.

February.

22. Washington’s Birthday. Soa!
23. All back bright and early. :
24. Midnight concert by the Prep. band. A number of the fellows heard ex-President

25. Blanchard steals Willard’s cakes. Eliiot of Harvard speak in Kirkpatrick Chapel

26. H. N. 33, Parkin Five 16. on “The Ups and Downs of Democracy.”
27. Y. M.C. A. meeting at the Trap. wHy—
28. Basket-ball mass meeting. v DS well like Anable'e?
. March. Is Conger lonely?
1. First base-ball practice. And Scott sleepy?
2. Mr. Wall speaks to the school. And Ted so girlish?
3. Aiegler is elected base-ball captain. And Bovey always smiling?
4. R. P. 61, N. B. H. S. 15. Well, what do Is Erickson bow legged?
you know about that? Does not Zieg. get a shave?
5. P:. H. S, 33, R; 'P. 24. P. H. S. 2nd 6; Is Mike so creth?
R. P. and 24. Is Todd such a good fellow?
6. Dr. Campbell speaks to the Y. M.C. A. Is Prof. Lewis such a good fellow?
7. Teiisiaings baseball pasatien: A prize of five dollars (?) is offered to the
8. Morrison goes fussing. student turning in the best set of answers.
g. Morrison goes fussing.
10. Delta Theta Banquet. It is rumored that the H. N. had a bath after
11. Hungry Nine Banquet. the basket-ball game.

12. Rutgers 5, Prep. o.
13. Y. M. C. A. meeting.
14. Prep. 11, Rutgers 7.

The song of the Jersey mosquito is heard
through the land.

15. ARGO goes to press. Better late than never. White and Searle
iL ee 2 fussing.
Gale looki * ‘ ‘

Dick BEES Ung Cooking over base-ball Who is the Fair Co-Ed, and why?
schedule) : I’ve heard of Princeton, but
where’s Pending?” It’s about time for another dance.

Oh! you Freshmen. How did you enjoy the “Chic” Rodgers has left school. We all re-
banquet ? gret it, as he was too good a fellow to lose.

FRESHMAN BANQUET, HUNGRY NINE BANQUET.
The Freshman Class held their banquet at The Hungry Nine held their banquet at the

the Trap March 26. A number of toasts were Hillside Inn, Metuchen, Every member of the

 
THE

club, both active and graduate, was there, be-
sides two honorary members, Jack Rolfe ’o9
and Dick Armstrong. All the members re-
sponded to toasts. Jim Ziegier acted as toast-
master,

DELTA THETA BANQUET,

The Delta Theta Banquet was held in Gra-
ham and McCormick’s Hall. A large number
of alumni were on hand. Elmendorf was
toastmaster and all present responded to toasts.

Drake (in Physics): “That is not (Knott)
apparatus.”

DOGGEREL.
Doggie, Doggie, now for sale,
Fresh hot doggies from the pail,
Doggies, Doggies, thin as a rail,
A nickel a piece at the “Hot Dog” sale.
(Ten Eyck.)

Ask Morrison why Jack Johnson is like a
Xmas tree.

Why is New Jersey the Garden State? Be-
cause it has several Oranges, a Cranbury and
an Onion. Oh, we mean a Union. Now, don’t
say you have heard that before.

Heard in English Class: “Now, Mr. Drake,
will you explain to us what a quack is?”

It is reported on good authority (Ziegler)
that Carroll is studying for the ministry.

Those banners make the hall look a good
deal better.

About the year ’76 A. D.

New Jersey declared that it was free

From cruel England’s rule and crown.
Then Briton tried to put it down.

First Gage, then Howe, and Burgoyne too,
Tried to do what they could do.

But Jersey trembled never a hair,

3ut bearded the lion in his lair.

Rebs. crossed the Delaware so cold

And defeated the red coats in manner bold;
And shortly after at Nassau Hall

 

ARGO 87

Filled the tyrants with shot and ball.
Across the state they raced and ran,
But always ahead was Washingtan,
(Note simplified spelling.)
Until at Monmouth he knocked the spots
Out of those beastly English wops.
And shortly after all could see
That England had lost North Americee.
And on thru years of peace and power
N. J. has prospered till this hour,
Until now the poets sing
Hurrah for N. J. where the mosquito is king.

The author of this remarkable piece of poe-
try has requested the editor not to sign his
name, as he wishes to live.

A story is related about Mr. Fisher. Dur-
ing the Spanish War Mr. Fisher was watch-
ing a big parade in New York and the Star
Spangled Banner was played. Every one took
off their hats with the exception of one man.
Seeing him, Mr. Fisher went up and said:
“You are very unpatriotic. You are not a
credit to your nation. Don’t you love your
country?” The man replied: “You see, it’s
this way. I’ve lived in the country so long I
don’t care for the country any more.”

The Y. M. C. A. is going to send a delegate
to the Conference at Union College, Schenec-
tady, N. Y.

The Benedicts Club has been augmented by
the arrival of Richard Armstrong.

Would it not be a good idea to have a wire-
less station at the school building? It would
be fine practice for our future Jack Binns.

Taft visited Newark on Washington’s Birth-
day. A big crowd was there to welcome him.
While all were waiting, White strolled up
Broad street. Suddenly he started to run,
yelling at the top of his lungs, “Here comes
Bill! Here comes Bill!” A man caught up
with Steve and said, “Bill who?” Whereupon
our sturdy foot-ball captain replied “Billious,”
and fled for home.

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

88 THE ARGO

 

 

PREP. WINS COUNTY CHAMPION-

SHIP,

Before the largest crowd that ever attended
a basket-ball game in Ballantine Gym. our
team won the championship of the county
from N. B. H. S. The great rivalry and good
feeling between the two schools was manifest,
each having a cheering section of about one
hundred. Promptly at eight o’clock the High
School team trotted out on the floor. They
received a great ovation from each school.
Two minutes later the defenders of the Scarlet
and white came on the floor. They were also
met with great cheers. Referee Best at 8.05
called the game and the contest was on. After
two minutes’ hard work Todd dropped in a
basket for Prep. and a great cheer went up
from the south end of the building. Hardly
had the ball been tossed up before we scored
another basket, and from that time on was
pandemonium, Prep. scored 13 points before
N. B. H. S. made a basket. The first half
ended, Prep.:24, N. B. H. S. 5.

SECOND HALF.

Erickson replaced Elmendorf for Prep. and
Heidingsfeld took Van Sickle’s place for High
School. Our team was just warmed up and
made the second half a runaway. Toward the
middle of the second half the High School
made a grand brace but could not keep it up.
The final score was 61 to 16.

THE TEAMS.
Our team outweighed High School consid-
erably. They were handicapped, Captain Van

Sickle being hurt in the first half. Heidings-
feld, who took his place, played a plucky game.
Wilmot at center was in good form, as was
Groombacher. Voorhees and Edgar did well,
but were not fast enough for Ziegler and Er-
rickson, who played fine basket-ball, Ziegler
scoring 25 points. Todd played the greatest
game of his career and made 11 baskets.
Searle played a fine game at center, having the
best man on the N. B, H. S. team against him.
Elmendorf played well, having his eye on the
basket. Morrison played a grand game at
guard. The game was rough but free from
dirty work and the best of feeling was shown
on both sides.

THE CHEERING.

The cheering was the finest we have ever
had in Prep. From beginning to end of the
game there was one roar. Cheer-leader White
deserves much credit for this section. The
High School had fine cheering also.

THE PARADE.

As the whistle blew for the end of the game
the Prep. band struck up “Cheer for Old Prep.
School.” After the players were dressed all
joined in a parade through town.

We surely let New Brunswick know who
won that game. At the P. R. R. station the
members of the team made speeches predicting
great victories and a glorious future for Rut-
gers Prep.

Pe HS. 33, PREP: 24.

The Prep. team, tired out by the High
School game the evening before, lost to P. H.
S. Considering that Plainfield won the first
game 49-9, it was a big improvement, but the
game was disappointing after the High School
contest. P. H.-S. started well and at the
end of the first half led, 18-8. Prep. got busy
in the second half and made it closer. Doane
and Morris starred for P. H. S. and Todd for
Prep.
 

THE ARGO 89

P. H. S. 2nd.6, PREP 2nd 24. May.

Prep. seconds easily beat P. H. S. seconds Vy. Bound Brook High at New Brunswick.
by the score of 24-6, . Prep. showed good team 7. Trenton High at New Brunswick.
work, while Van Zandt and Woodhull dis-Nr2. Seton Hall Prep. at New Brunswick.
played form for Plainfield. Scudder was the 14. Boys’ High at New Brunswick.
big star of the game, making fifteen points. N18. Plainfield High at New Brunswick.
Armstrong’s and Voorhees’s heads collided 21. A.M. Mohegan Lake at Mohegan.
and Dick was forced to leave the game, his P.M. Peekskill M. A. at Peekskill.
head being full of splinters. Voorhees was 28. Rider Moore Stewart at New Brunswick.
not hurt, as Dick’s head had nothing in it. June.

Referee Collier of P. H. S. was most satis- 4. Bordentown M. A. at Bordentown,
actory.

Eight home games and six away.

H,. N. 33, PARKIN FIVE 16.

The Hungry Nine defeated the Parkin Five
in the second game of the series and thereby
won the championship of the school. The
game was fast and interesting though a trifle
rough. The roughness, however, was given
and taken in good part. The Parkin Five
scored first and led for a few minutes, when
their starving opponents asumed the lead. The
first half ended, H. N. 22, P. F. 6.

The second half was closer than the first but
the losers were unable to stop the rushes of
Ziegler and Morrison. On the other hand, At-
kinson’s close guarding kept the Parkin team
from much scoring. Todd’s absence crippled
the losers greatly. The line-up:

Hungry Nine: White, 1. f.; Atkinson, l. g.;
Ziegler (capt.), ¢.; Morrison, r. g.; Smith,
rf

Parkin Five: Elmendorf, 1. f.; Voorhees,
1. g.; Sarle, c.; Parkin (capt.), r. g.; Erick-
son, r. f.

Referee, Scudder.

 

 

   
 

BASE-BALL SCHEDULE. :
Manager Bank has arranged the “ee f

base-ball schedule: \

April. |_¥
g. Manual Training High School at N. B. RY
16, Lawrenceville at Teeceiiirlss'§ a
23. Princeton Prep. at Princeton.
27. Newark High at New Brunswick.
30. Pingry at Elizabeth,

 
90 THE

 

We are going to stop printing the names of
all the popers we receive, as it takes up too

much room and does no good. If you send
your paper to us we will probably get it, for
Uncle Sam’s mail is pretty regular.
We thank all the papers which have come to
us and hope they will come again.

Vail Deane Budget. Hello, girls. You have
quite a paper. It is fit to be used for a comic
section of a Sunday paper, because there is
nothing humorous in it. We take that back.
Your serious articles are quite funny.

Poly Prep. Magazine. Here is a paper that
is worth reading. Good stories, serious arti-
cles, fresh jokes, and a fine exchange column.

Sunnyside. You are improving steadily.
All your material seems to be of a higher
grade than ever before. Keep up the good
work,

Spectator (T. H. Ss.) Your paper is very
well written and interesting. You and the
Passaic Quill may be taken as examples for
High School papers. Where is that Associ-
ated Press of Prep. papers you were getting
up last year? We wanted to join it.

The Riverview Student comes to us for the
first time. It is a good up-to-date paper which
is probably more interesting to its students
than an outsider, as it has many school notes.

The Valkyrie is beginning to show improve-
ment. Is that the Municipal Lighting Plant of
Somerville on your cover?

Speaking of lights, the George School Ides

ARGO

has a peculiar statement on their cover. It
says, “Mind the Light.” Whether the lamp
chimneys have been smoking or a fire has oc-
curred in the school we do not know, but evi-
dently the Ides wishes to make the fellows
“Mind the Light.”

Searchlight. You had a_ fine
month. Keep up the good work.

Oracle (P. H.S.) You stated that we were
careless in criticising an Oracle without giving
the name of the school. We accept your criti-
cism and will try to profit by it. Congratula-
tions on your basket-ball team.

Pingry Record. A very good paper, with a
very small exchange column.

issue last

From the papers: ‘‘Prep’s team fast and
confident.” ‘Prep. has a stone-wall infield.”
“Rutgers Prep. has a great base-ball team.”
Now what do you think about that?

Prep. played two practice games with the
College. They took the first, 5-o, and Prep.
won the second, 11-7. The way we spoiled
those Rutgers pitchers was terrible.

Our base-ball team’s a prize,

And it can paralyze;

Resist its strength and size,
No other can.

By wise and rapid play,

It’s sure to win the day,

Let’s shout “Hip, hip, hooray!
Prep’s base-ball team !””

 

Willard wants to know what is the greatest
drawback in Africa.

Tramp (to Erickson) :
a nickel for a bed?”
Erickson: “Sure. Where is the bed?”

“Will you give me

The new building at Montclair Academy is
completed,

 
THE: ARGO 91

SCHUSSLER’S, caterers. | EDWARD HINGER
Parties, Dinners and Receptions served in Leading F ll P I] it ll i: 6 H () \| 56

 

 

the best manner. REPAIRING and UPHOLSTERING
BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100. Antique Furniture a Specialty.
116-122 Neilson St. Phone 639 New Brunswick
GEORGE KUHN, Jr. GRAHAM & MeCORMICK
CATERERS
FINE Cl GARS Large and Small Dining Room, Large Banquct Hall
356 GEORGE ST. DANCE HALL FOR PRIVATE DANCES

74-76 Chureh Street.

 

We're ready any
time you’re ready
to select your

FALL SHOES

Our Fall showing
of Good Shoes for
Young Men es-
pecially, is an un-

 

You'll have no
trouble in doing
it if you come
here.

usual display.

MATCH THEM
IF YOU CAN.

 

WE’RE READY FOR You!
BEAM & CLARE, 362 GEORGE STREET

NEVERSLIPS ave "RED TIPS

 

 

 

 

 

LIFE INSURANCE
FOR HORSES

ASK YOUR
' HORSESHOER

. a | = Shod the Neverslip Way
; Icy or Slippery Streets

SHAR SHOD
IN

TWENTY MINUTES Have No Terrors.

   

 

Y TRADE MARK

Neverslip Manufacturing Company

D SWICK NTREAL
CHICAGO NEW BRUNS MONTL

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
92 THE ARGO

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-

Made Candies may be found at

BRUNS

’Phone 310-J.

71 CHURCH ST.

 

TELEPHONE 227-J3

CHARLES PAULUS
THE BUTCHER

Poultry and Game in Season

52 HIRAM STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

ALL THE LATEST MODELS IN

REGALS SHOES

ARTO eBk S

17 PEACE STREET.

 

John M, Arniel George G. MacPherson

JET WHITE
Steam and Hand Laundry
80 Church Street

Telephone 47 New Brunswick, N. J.

 

JOHN P. WALL
High Grade Tailoring

 

 

 

 

W5
Church St.

New Brunswick,
N. J.

Special
Discount

to Students

 

 

Raincoats,

 

 

JACOB REED'S SONS.

a Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are

studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits,
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters,

1424-1426 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

- $12 to $40

- $15 to $35

JACOB REED’S SONS,

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.
THE ARGO

Bissetts Drug Store

420 George Street.

 

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WHEN IN NEED OF

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Pow-
der, Soap, Combs, Brushes,

 

Soda and Milk Shakes
HARVEY IREDELL, DDS. fe ‘i
Church St., Cor. Neilson, Seiffert Bros:
National Bank of New Jersey Building. For Stationery, oe and Sporting
aa oods.
Anesthetics Administered. 50 DENNIS STREET, NewB ck, NI.

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,

 

68 and 70 Albany Street.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Axco,

 

 
 

THE ARGO

J. HEIDINGSFELD

 

 

PRINTER

BINDER Good evening clothes
Good: day clothes
PUBLISHER Hats, shoes and. furnishings

For men and boys.

Mail orders filled
ROGERS PEET & CO.,

258—842—1802 Broadway

No. 42 ALBANY STREET ! aime

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS
eee 144th Year

A high grade college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rutgers College, and therefore enjoying
unusual advantages.

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school,home under the im-
mediate supervision of the headmaster. Mxcellent Table.

Interesting social and athletic life. Conches for track, foot-ball and base-ball. Military drill.
THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL

In the Elementary School girls as well as boys are received. Boys of all ages received in either
school at any time, either as day pupils or boarders.

EXPENSES .—At the House.—The regular terms of the house are $450 a year, a few rooms being rated at
$400. Boys have individual beds) Rooms are heated by steam. Day Pupils.—For day pupils tho following rates
per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Department, each grade $9.00. Intermediate Department.—Fourth
and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00. Academic Department.—First Form, 216.00
Second Form, $18,00; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, $24.00. a

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York. Parents naturall
want to patronize an easily accessible school, for iu case of illness or accident or other emergency the son is in “nk
touch with the home. Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St, New Brunswick, WN. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.

 

~

 
