   

PREP

PE

 

 

     
 
    

- SEVERA RES a
EST oi

 

VERUM GAUDIUM

==

 

 

THE ARGO.

ET

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

VOLUME XIX JANUARY NUMBER FOUR

 
THE ARGO. aN

II

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific Schoo!

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT
Is Broad and Thorough

and by arevison and enlrgement of the curriculum, affords
unueual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four

years’ requirements including reek the, candidate recieve s
the degree of A. B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B, Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT,

isthe New Jersey State College for the benefit

ture and the Mechanic Arts. e nOEAigsign
In this Department there are six full courses, each

leading to the first degree in science, B. Sc.

1. A Course in Agriculture.

2. A Course in Civil Engineering.

A Course in Chemistry.

A Course in Electricity.

A Course in Biology.

A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
7. A Course in Mechanical Engineering.
8. A Course in General Science.

And 8 short course of two years in Ceramics which do
not lead toa degree.
For catalogues and other information, addr esrs]IKRVJAG
S.UPSON, Registrar

W.H.S. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., Presidnt.

or S

 

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

20! NEILSON ST.,

FINE JOB

New Brunswick, N. Jd.

PRINTING

Of Every Description.

 

BO. TAF Se

 

Ge

ING

JEWELER,

All Kinds of Society Embiems
Made to Order.

Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

 

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

USITS AND JACKETS, “APUER posses ane

NEW Stock OF DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P. J. Young Dry Goods, Co., 27 SHURCH STREET.

 

‘When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
THE ARGO. If

pA Ff. WILLIAMS,

REAL ESTATE
384 GEORGE ST.. NEW BRUNSWICK.

(Established 75 Years)

STEWART & CLAYTON

SOLE AGENTS —

Young’s and Truly Warner Hats
FOWNES’ GLOVES, DRILL GLOVES, EVENING FURNISHINGS
Church Street, Opposite Dennis Street.

NIFTY SHOES

 

 

 

 

 

y
Y
vy POR
XC
Y
¥ YOUNG MEN
xd
M sae $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 .... .....
i i Gym and Sporting Shoes
Y
RI ° °
% Harding & Mansfield
3
% 9 Peace St. New Brunswick
O. O. STILLMAN, John ’M. Arneil Geo. G. MacPherson
JET-WHITE STEAM AND HAND
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN, LAUNDRY
Diamonds, Watches and Sierling Silver. Society Pins First Class Work
ae oe ee eo 80 Church St.
45 CHURCH STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.
S. ZIMMERMAN EK. VOLKERT,
BARBER Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES 359 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE ST. New Brunswick. N. J,

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.

 
THE. ARGO.

Iv

RUTGERS PREP. SCHO

OL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

~ 380 GEORGE STREET,

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

UERSEYs,
SWEATERS,

LYone & DARKER

oP °

ALDING
we BRUNSWICK AGky

TS
TRACK suITS
£00T BALL GOODS

Good Stylish Clothes for Every Season.

 

 
   
 

   
  
         
   

Full Line of Furnishings.
Complete Custom Department.

Lyons & Parker

1 PATERSON BLOCK
New Brunswick,

New Jersey

 

When patronizing the stores advertised

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. gv,

=RANDOLPH

Foto-grafer.

Il

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students

College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and
Home Made Candies may be found at

BRU NGS

 

 

 

Phone 310 J. 71 Church St.
in our columns, please mention the Argo.

/
i
|
i
}

 
 

on E.G ©:

 

 

VoL. XIX.

New Brunswick, N. J., JANuaRy, 1908.

No. 4

 

 

A COWARD’S COURAGE

 

Suddenly Richard heard a strange noise
trom the direction of the hall. It interrupted
a fine dream and made him start up from the
pillows in alarm. There was a pause, then
came another sound like the creak of a floor-
board. Only the dining-room floor could give
What was it?

burglar! A panic seized him. He cowered
down among the bed clothes and covered up
his ¢ars against any other such noise. But the
suspense was unbearable; and it occurred to
him that maybe he had only imagined that he
heard a thief’s guarded foot-step. He would
go and see. When he looked through the
railing from the first landing of the cold stair-
way he saw dimly a form moving toward the
dining-room window, which was open. The
intruder had found the silverware in the
sideboard and was going away with it. Rich-
ard wanted to cry “thieves!”; but his voice
caught in his throat, and there escaped only
a queer gurgle. The thief heard it, paused a
moment until he found that the crouching
figured outlined by the moonlight that stream-
ed through the window above the stairs was
only a frightened child, then hastened his
flight and was soon out of the house and
away. Now the boy’s voice came again, and
he rushed back up-stairs screaming, almost in
tears, “Father! Mother! The silver is gone!
Thief!” It was of course too late now.

“You coward!” cried his father, as hg
grasped the shoulders of the trembling boy,
“Why did you not call out at first? Why
Richard, where is your courage, boy? Are you

that sound. It must be a

not a boy, a strong boy? Or are you after all
a girl-boy?””

The poor lad cried bitterly and gritted his
teeth. He himself could not explain whither
all his courage had flown. He had always
considered himself brave when he climbed
giant trees, crossed dangerous trestle bridges,
and did similar daring feats; and now he
was more astonished and disappointed than
even his father.

Furthermore, the cook learned of his dis-

‘grace and told it to the cook next door. By

next door I mean in the nearest house on the
next block, for Richard’s home with its spa-
cious lawns, occupied the whole distance be-
tween two streets. The cook of the next
house repeated the news to the young son of
the family in which she worked. This boy, a
classmate, and enemy of Richard’s, told it to
the whole school. Day after day the happen-
ing was cast up into poor Richard’s face.
Even the girls pointed their fingers and cried
“coward!” in such a drawling tone of con-
tempt as only girls know how to use. The
unhappy boy was soon continually shrinking
and crying under the insults and sarcasms
heaped upon him. The whole world seemed
to scorn him. He prayed, oh how hard he
prayed, every night that a burglar would come
again and he would have a chance to half
kill the burglar or be himself half killed. As
no such opportunity came, although he lay
awake for hours, night after night, listening;
he began to hate being compelled to live, and
he wanted to die.

At last, one night, when he had _ stayed

 

—
THE ARGO.

40

awake until the cook returned from enjoy-
ing her “night out,” soon after she had gone
upstairs to her bed-room, he thought he
smelled smoke. He sniffed the air. Yes, it
was smoke. He sprang from the bed, with
h's heart plunging and rearing within him. He
instinctively felt of the walls. Two of them
were very hot. The house was on fire! Just
ihen there was a crackle; then with a sullen
roar a pillar of flames shot up to the ceiling
in the corner behind the bureau.

“Fire! Fire!’ he shouted; then, still call-
ing that terrible cry, he rushed to the window
and slammed it shut, then turned and ran
out of the room, banging the door shut be-
hind him in order to stop the flames from
reaching the rest of the house.

In a moment the house and the street were
in an uproar. Neighbors hurried in to carry
out everything they could; while the alarm
bells clanged wildly maddening the fire-horses
to make a marvellous run to the scene of de-
struction. Here and there throughout — the
rooms darted Richard, helping greatly the
saving of the most important of the house-
hold goods. Without the aid of him who
knew so well what. his parents prized many
unimportant things would have been carried
out and many valuable things left to burn.
The boy seemed like unto the man possessed
with a legion of demons as he nimbly sprang
upon tables and chairs and pulled down pic-
tures from the walls or when, with the
strength of only a child, he lifted and carried
down-stairs a heavy book-case of one shelf
crammed full of valuable books. It was very
wonderful how many things were carried out
to safety from among the flames themselves.
Yet, what seems kind of pitiful, all Richard
could save of his own ‘treasures” was an old
horsewhip that he—but this is hurrying past
my story.

Now the firemen saw that they could not
confine the fire to the right side of the house,
as they had hoped to do; and the work of
saving was necessarily stopped. Just then a
ery arose in the crowd outside, “The cook!

The cook! Where is she? She is not here!
She’s in the attic!” All the people wer filed
with horror. She would be burned to death!
At once, putting the hesitating men to shame,
two boys sprang forward to the piazza steps,
They were the boy from the nearest house and
Richard. Richard was clad only in his pa-
jamas, his shoes, and a great wagon-robe cast
around him; but these were too much to let
him run freely up three flights of stairs. So
what did he do, but throw off the heavy robe,
hurl it over the other lad’s head and knock his
half smothered victim down the steps into
the arms of the nearest spectators. This was
his revenge and his means of vanquishing a
competitor. ‘Then, heedless of the cry that
immediately broke forth from the startled
people, he ran up the stairs, two steps at a
bound. There sat the cook on the third-story
landing, shivering with fear and crying with
terror, as she swayed to and fro with her
hands clasped over her eyes. “Come, Mary!
You fool! Go down stairs!” “Oh! Oh!” she
wailed and could not move.’ Coward!” Rich-
ard sneered unconsciously imitating the tone
the girls had used when they jeered at him.
How glad he was to be able to cast back this
epithet at the very person whose  gossipy
tongue had caused him most of his sorrows.
But his wish to avenge himself on the cook
did not at all prevent him from planning with
lightning-like rapidity how he might save
her, who, plainly could not even walk down
stairs to keep herself from death. He ran in-
to the attic play room and seized an old horse-
whip that lay on the floor among the toys.
And this is what he did. He lashed the wo-
man until she ran down stairs howling from
pain. Down through a hall fast filling with
smoke and flames, past firemen with lengths
of spouting hose, through puddles and streams
ot water, amid showers of falling plaster, and
down the main stairway, Richard drove the
servant into the hands of rescuers, ust as he
was halfway down the last flight of steps, the
nozzle of a hose suddenly broke from the tired
hands of a fireman and with its  resistless
 

:

THE

stream caught Richard in the face and hurled
him off the steps, through the air, over and
over, into the midst of the waiting men.

The first words the boy murmured, when
he recovered consciousness, were, “Father,
was I brave?” “My God, yes! Forgive me,
laddie, for ever calling you a coward!” an-
swered his father as he examined the boy’s
small, shapely right leg, now all bruised and
swollen from the fall down stairs.

ee

LEADERS OF SCIENCE.
Michael Faraday.

Michael Faraday was one of the greatest
chemical experimenters that ever lived. Born
of poor parents in England in the year seven-
teen-ninety-one, he worked his way upward
till eighteen sixty-seven, when he died leay-
ing a record which no man has ever sur-
passed.

When thirteen years old he was appren-
ticed to a bookseller under whom he spent
eight years binding and selling books. At
the end of this time he happened to hear some
of the last lectures of Sir Humphry Davy and
took notes on them. These notes he sent to
Davy asking him for help in becoming a
scientist. Sir Davy was well impressed by
the letter and wrote to him asking himto be
his assistant. Faraday gladly complied and
became the chemical assistant of the Royal
Institution of Great Britain. While still a
bookseller he had happened to teach a book
by Mrs. Marcet called “Conversations on
Chemistry.” It was through this book that
young Faraday obtained his first beginning
of chemical knowledge.

When about twenty years old he went with
Sir Davy to Rome, and when he returned he
was re-elected to the Royal Institution. At
that time this society of learned men publish-
ed a small paper and Faraday wrote many
notes and scientific notices for it. Several
years later he departed a little from chemis-
try and began experimenting with sounding

ARGO 4i

flames. A great French scientist had lately
experimented with the same subject and had
written a book upon it. Faraday, after a
few simple experiments found that the treat-
ise by the great man was very incomplete.
This discovery did much toward making him-
self confident and he set out to make a long
list of experiments and write notes about
them. He now began to assist several great
lecturers in their work and won great fame
by his skill.

At the age of thirty he married and brought
his wife to his rooms in the Royal Institute.
Here they lived for forty-six years in the
same apartments which had been occupied
previously by men of learning and education.

Departing still further from chemistry, he
began to study electric currents and magnetic
attraction. It was he who discovered magne-
to-electric induction and made such progress
in the study of magnetic lines of force, and
the revulsive force of a magnetic field. Com-
ing back again to chemistry he applied his
electric current to certain solutions and dis-
covered many new facts about them. He also
made many experiments with the electrolysis
of water and the properties of the thermo-
electric pile. His third great discovery is the
magnetization of flame of which little was
known before.

With these. great discoveries to his credit
it is no exaggeration to say that Michael Far-
aday was the greatest experimental scientist
who has ever lived. One of his greatest char-
acteristics was his sense of order. In all his
researches every paragrpph was numbered
and annexed to it were many references. One
of his note books has been preserved and the
number of the last paragraph is sixteen thou-
sand, forty one.

When a young man Faraday had before
him two courses of life; one in the commer-
cial world with a fortune with it, the other
scientific investigation with little money in it.
He chose the latter and died a poor man, but
who can say that his life was not well spent.

Scientific ‘08...

 

|
THE ARGO.

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
HEWETTE FE. JOYCE,
Editor-in-Chief.

ANNA LV, SCOTT, Alumni Notes.

AMPRELL, JR.

KNOX, Literary Editors.

  
  

Cc. NELSON,
( AN SANTVOORD KNOX, |News
FREDERICK H,. SMITH, ,

W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
MARGARET R, DALY, Annex.

J, FP. McGOVERN,
VIVIAN C. ROSS,

    

t Business Managers.

Subscription price, per year, “5 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor in-
Chiet, R. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J. and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

Foot-ball is well in the past, and base-ball
is still a good way off. The interest in athle-
tics centers chiefly about basket-ball. Rut-
gers Prep. is unfortunate in not owning a
gymnasium where the basket-ball team could
practice regularly during the winter term,
and also where the team could play match
games with other school teams. However,
we have permission to use the Seminary gym.
this year for practice, and we expect to play
our match games in the college gym. Basket-
bail has not yet been made a regular school
sport, but it certainly would be advisable to
have it so. The game deserves to be put on

a level with foot-ball, base-ball and track

team work, and more interest would be taken
if a player could win his R. P. in basket-ball,
as he can in the other sports. We have the
material this year for a fast team, and we
have a good coach in Prof. Hall. The winter
term may seem long to some, but. it will be
shortened for anyone who comes out regular-
ly to basket-ball practice.
a ee

Don’t forget the prize offered by the Argo
board for the best story handed in before
January thirty-first. There is still time. Re-
member that you can hand in as many stories
as you like as long as they answer the condi-
tions. Have them in by January thirty-first,

without fail!

 

In this issue of the Argo may be found a
copy of the Constitution of the Athletic As-
sociation of the school. This should be read
by all students in the school, in order that
they may know the rules concerning athletics.
If basket-ball is made a regular sport, some
additions will have to be made to this con-

stitution.

 

At a meeting of those interested in basket-
ball, Ziegler was unanimously elected man-

ager of the team. <A captain will be elected
ager of the team. The candidates for
the team came out several times before vaca-
tio. The work was under the direction of
Prof. Hall. The following men have been out
to practice: Williams, Ziegler, Pitcher, Todd,
Smith, Helm, Ward, Campbell, Joyce, Knox,
sissett, Rowland, Prentiss, Conger, Gross, R.
B. Searle, R. W. Searle, F. Smith, Voorhees.

 

 

Smith was unanimously chosen captain of

the basket-ball team, on January the ninth.
Congatulations, Tim!

 

 
THE

CONSTITUTION OF THE
ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION
I—Name.

The name of this association shall be ‘The
Athletic Association of Rutgers Preparatory
School.”

Il—Object.

The object of the Association is to promote
an interest in, and to exercise control of, ath-
letics among the students of the school.

I11—Meetings,
Regular meetings of this Associa-
tion shall be held three times a year, viz., sec-
ond Wednesday of the school year, last Wed-
nesday in February, last Wednesday in May.

Sec. 2. Special meetings to be called by
the President on the request of five members
of the Association. Due notice of such meet-
ings must be posted on the bulletin board for
at least one day before they are held.

I1V—Members.

All students of the academic department
are eligible to membership in this Association.
V—Dues.

Dues shall be $1.50 per year, payable semi-
annually, in September and February.

k VI—Voting.

No membe rshall be allowed to vote in any
of the meetings of this Association unless he
shall have paid his dues in full for the current
season,

Sec. 1.

Vil—Officers.

The officers of this Association shall be a
President, Vice-President, Secretary—Treas-
urer.

VIlI—Managers.

It shall be the duty of this Association to
elect a manager for the foot-ball, base-ball,
and track teams, respectively.

IX—Election of Officers.

The President, Vice-President, Secretary-
Treasurer, shall be elected at the May meet-
ing for the following year.

X—Election of Managers.

(1) The manager of the foot-ball team

shall be elected at the September meeting.

ARGO

43

(2) The manager of the base-ball team
shall be elected at the February meeting.

(3) The manager of the track team shall
be elected at the February meeting.

Amendment to X.

The managers elected for the foot-ball, base
ball, or track teams, must be students in the
third or fourth forms.

XI—Election of Captains.

(1) The captain of the foot-ball team, for
the ensuing year, shall be elected by the mem-
bers of the foot-ball team immediately after
the last game.

(2) The captain of the base-ball team for
the ensuing year, shall be elected by the,
members of the base-ball team, immediately
after the last game.

(3) The captain of the track team shall
be elected by the members selected for the
team, as soon as the team is chosen.

(4) Any candidate for captain of either
base-ball or foot-ball team, shall have been a
member for at least one year of the team for
which he is a candidate for captain.

(5) No person shall be considered a mem-
ber of the base-ball or foot-ball teams unless
he has won his “R. P.” on that team.

(6) The track team shall consist of the
members of the relay teams and those whe
shall be judges by the regular trainers, wor-
thy of representing the school in individual
events.

XU—Right of Wearing “R.P.”

No person shall be allowed to wear “R. P.”
unless—

(1) He has played three (3) full games
or the equivalent thereof on the foot-ball
team.

(2) He has played three (3) full games
or twenty-seven (27) innings on the base-
ball team.

(3) The “R. P.” shall be given to any
member of the relay team whose team shali
win first place in the Rutgers meet or any
place in the Princeton meet, and to anyone
in individual events who shall win similar
places.
THE ARGO.

a4

(4) Any.wearer of the “R. P.’ who does
not do sufficient work in any subsequent year
for that team may be deprived of his “R. P.”
by a two-thirds vote of the Association.

XUI—Duties of Officers.

Sec. 1. The President shall preside over
all the meetings of the Association and per-
form such other duties as may devolve upon
him by virtue of his office.

Sec. 2. The Vice President shall perform
all the duties of the President in case of
the absence of the latter.

Sec. 3. The Secretary-Treasurer shall

keep a record of all the meetings, of all mem- .

bers of the Association, and of the funds
thereof, shall render a written report of the
same at each regular meeting, and shall see
that the constitution is published at least once
a year in the Argo.

X1V—Quorum.

A majority of the members shall constitute
a quorum.

XV—Amendments.

Sec. 1. This constitution can be amended
only by a three-fourths vote of members vot-
ing at that meeting.

Sec. 2. All amendments to this constitu-
tion must be handed in writing to the Secre-
tary-Treasurer, who will read them before a
meeting of the Association at least three (3)
days before they are voted upon.

THE SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL
CHRISTMAS BANQUET

At the Trap, Thursday, Dec. 19, 1907.

The first term’s wor kat school was brought
to a fitting close by the pleasant gathering oi
the faculty and students who live at the Trap.
The dining hall was decorated with candles,
Christmas bells, evergreens and flowers. The
feast was a delight to all, and the merriment,
conversation and song served as_ delicious
sauce to the tempting variety and abund-
ance of food. Mrs. Paysor, and her helpeis
deserve the gratitude of all present for the
sumptuous entertainment.

Miss Biles and Mr. Pitcher aided us in

singing. A solo and enrore ‘by Miss Biles
was much appreciated and loudly applauded.

After the banquet the formal toasts were
introduced by Dr. Payson, who acted as toast-
ruasier. :

The boys acquitted themselves well, mixing
much humor, and some sense in delicate and
proper proportions.

Romeike extolled the virtues of New Jer-
sey and her numerous features that tended
toward the delight of mankind: Good roads,
good gardens, schools, corporations, mosqui-
toes, red mud, manufactures of all kinds,
much civic integrity and especially the fact
that it is near New York.

Mr. Hall welcomed the guests and pro-
posed an appropriate toast.

John, in a well worded and well delivered
argument convinced his audience that, in
spite of the special and particular advantages
of each of the several trees of the forest, the
Christmas tree is the most beautiful and satis-
factory tree that grows.

Williams proceeded to show that foot-ball
was for men, and the classics and sciences and
other minima of the college and Prep. school
curriculum were better adapted to weaklings
and girls. After indulging in some technical
and personal detail, he concluded with the
statement that good men, good coaches and
good spirit, were necessary for a successful
season,

The State of Vermont next received high
praise from the nimble tongue of Mr. Willard
Ger Ethan Allen, George Dewey, Chester A.
Arthur, Charles E. Hall, her unequalled gran-
ite, marble, maple sugar and brown stone and
snow drifts, make her a State from which one
would hesitate to move.

The scientific course received ample and
unstinted laudations from the head of ity
own department, Mr. Averill.

Mr. Ziegler talked to us next about Wiz
ter sports, followed by Mr. Pitcher, whos
subject was New York, the ancient and h
orable. The natives of the Empire State.

 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 

THE ARGO,

especially the inhabitants of Kingston felt
more than proud of the state they lived in,

Mr. Mosher, in spite of his great experi-
ence, with becoming modesty, humility and
absence of presumption, responded to the
toast, “The Ladies.” The end of such a dis-
course was harder to find than a beginning,
and yet Mr. Mosher, with the subject well in
hand, succeeded in drawing to a close, with-
out going beyond the time limit.

Mr. Lewis responded to the toast “The
Classical Course, Old Fashioned, But Good,”

“The Old Trap and the New,” received
able treatment from Mr. Corbin.

He said: “It is a great pleasure to be
granted the privilege of speaking for the
dear old trap. What tales of jolly pranks and
merry days and nights these old walls could
tell if the procession of lively occupants
could speak to us tonight. For forty years
gay voices and merry laughter have echoed
through these halls—jolly fellows together, a
gay time of course. Who could doubt it af-

ter hearing the merry prattle of Williams and .

the catching laugh of Mosher?

“But while the old trap with its associations.

will always have its special place in our me-
mories, we turn with eagerness and enthusi-
asm to the New Trap,-which is promised in
the near future. You know where it is to
stand. On the heights of College Avenue,
overlooking the gentle Raritan, famed in song
and story, and looking out over the broad,
beautiful country with blue mountains in the
distance. It was thereabout that Washing-
ton encamped his troops one summer during
the Revolutionary War, on the salubrious
heights of New Brunswick. The report says
that he brought them there because of its
healthfulness.

“Let us picture to ourselves the New Trap.
We enter it through a beautiful stone gate-
Way, given by the class of nineteen-ten. Walk-
ing a short distance on a fine cement walk
and up broad granite steps, we come to heavy
oaken doors with panels of glass on either
side. We enter into a stately hall adorned

45

with statues of Caesar, Shakespeare, Ziegler,
Gross and many others, whose lives’ haye
been identified with the march of human prog-
go: On the right is a gorgeous music room
with its Mosaic floor and vaulted ceiling and
grand Plano, and ‘on the left a splendid din-
ing hall. Farther on is a laboratory and up
above, a dancing hall. If I should go on to
tell all the imaginations that have clustered
in my head since I heard of the New Trap, it
would take all night, I am sure. So, with
tender memories of the Old Trap let us drink
a toast to the boys and to the days that are
gone, and with glad cheer and hearty good-
will let us drink to the new faces and to a
glorious future to the New Trap.”

Mr. Joyce and Mr. Nuttman were to re-
spond to the respective toasts, “The Argo,”
and “The Cadets,” but unfortunately both were
unable to come. Dr. Payson then called on
Mr. A. C. Burr who was forinerly instructor
in the Prep. school. Mr. Burr entertained the
company with anecdotes and well told stories
o: life in the Old Trap, together with some
sound advice to the young people.

Professor Whitman spoke to us next. Af-
ter him came Dr. Payson’s brother, Rev. Geo.
H. Payson, D.D., whose humorous remarks
made laughter for all.

Dr. Scott in the course of his remarks paid
a grateful tribute to the work of Dr. and
Mrs. Payson who had given seventeen years
of their lives in New Brunswick endeavoring
to make useful men and women of the boys
and girls who came under their care. We
ought to be and are thankful that we have
an able and loving father and mother at th
head of our schoo! and home. The words
and manner of Dr. Scott made an impression
on all that will not be forgotten.

Our next speaker was Mr. Stanton, who
added a touch of beauty that harinonized with
the sentiment of the company, when he re-
sponded to the toast “Rutgers, Sun of Right-
eousness, Illumine Also the West.”

Mr. Gross was asked to discuss the stb
iect ‘Early Rising.” Being unbiased and un-

|
 .

THE ARGO.

46

judi irl subjective
prejudiced by any empirical or J

knowledge of the subject, he was able to
treat it in a fair, sane and instructive manner.

The last toast was “The Old Year and the
New,” to which Mr. Wilbur responded with
fitting dignity and propriety, showing rich-
ness of thought and depth of feeling as mem-
ories of the past and hopes for the future
almost meet each other in the ever-present but
ever fleeting “now.”

After singing the Alma Mater the com-
pany adjourned, wishing one another all the
joys of vacation time, and with feelings of
debt and gratitude to Dr. and Mrs. Payson,
who had so kindly made it possible to have a
joyous and profitable meeting. -

ALUMNI NOTES.
Mr. Ferguson was in New Brunswick on
January the sixth.
Mr. Burr was at the Trap on December
the nineteenth.
Mr. Riedell has done good playing on the

- Cornell chess team.

‘03, Miss Elmina Titsworth spent her
Christmas vacation in New Brunswick.

‘03, Miss Ruth Williamson is visiting in
New Brunswick.

’o4, Miss Alice Conger and Miss Margar-
et Scott were at home for the Christmas va-
cation.

’03, Verdi was mentioned as one of those
having obtained academic distinction at Har-
vard. He completed his college course in
three years.

‘06, Miss Mary Gillespie, Miss Margaret
Cooke, and Miss Bessie Wilbur spent. their
Christmas vacations in New Brunswick.

Ex-’o9, Strong visited the school on De-
cember the nineteenth.

 

ANNEX NOTES
THE LITTLE DAUPHIN,
About the time George Washington was

president of the United States a little prince
was born in France. He was called the Dau-

. which was the title given in France tg
phin, of a king who would some day be
ee name was Louis. There had been
so many King Louises that the people had
aumbered them. He was called King Louis
the seventeenth, and his father King Louis
the sixteenth. His mother was the beautify!
Austrian Princess, Marie Antoinette.

The little Dauphin lived ina beautiful pal-
ace with pictures and gilded furniture and
long stately halls completely lined with mir-
rors, and beautiful gardens with statues and

fountains, : f
The little prince was so beautiful that his

portrait was often painted. ; =a

The people of France had given their kings
and queens so much money that they had
very little left. Many people were hungry,
and thus thought that the king would give
them food, so they called him “the baker,’ and
the little prince the “‘baker’s boy,” instead of
“Your Royal Highness.”

Then riots began. One day some people
marched through the streets and wanted
help. They had very angry faces. To quiet
them the queen took the prince’s hand and
stepped out on the palace balcony.

“No children,” they said. Then the queen
took him back and came out alone and spoke
to them.

One day a poor woman came into the Dau-
phin’s garden. She said that she would be as
happy as a queen if she could get help. Then
the little Dauphin looked at her and said, “I
know a queen who does nothing but weep.”
But he went in and got the help the woman
wanted and with it gave her a flower from
his garden. Katherine Stevenson.

SS
THE LITTLE DAUPHIN.

About the time when the little Dauphin
gave the rose to the poor woman, he spent
part of his time in the garden and the other
part with his regiment.

Two hundred boys had formed themselves
into a military company which they called
the regiment of the Dauphin. They wore
 

 

THE ARGO.

uniforms like’ those of the national guard.
Every day the little company marched, drill-
ed and saluted just like the grown up regi-
ments. :

The king’s enemies were increasing and
his friends had nearly all run away to for-
eign countries. The king thought he would
try to escape to another country too. One
night the prince was wakened, dressed up like
a girl and hurried into a carirage. The king,
queen, prince and his sister drove away. They
were not far from Paris when they were
recognized and brought back.

The king queen, Dauphin and sister were
put into the prison called the Tempele. Then
bad men ruled France. The churches were
closed and any one who dared to teach reli-
gion was beheaded. The gutters ran with
blood. By and by the king was taken out of
prison and was beheaded, then the queen. The
little Dauphin was left alone in prison.

Griffith Parker.

THE LITTLE DAUPHIN.

The little Dauphin never knew about his
mother's death, because he had been separated
from her.

He was put in a cell with a brutal shoe-
maker named Simon, and his wife. He polish-
ed, cleaned their shoes and waited on them
and in return was knocked.down, beaten and
sworn at.

He used to kneel down when he thought
his keepers were asleep, and say the prayers
his mother had taught him. One night when
he was doing this, Simon caught him and
threw a pail of water over him. It was a
cold winter’s night, and the boy lay drench-
ed and shivering in his wet clothes till morn-
ing. They hated to see him remain handsome
and fearless so they cut off his beautiful long
curls,

He would beg and beg to see his mother but
Simon would only tell him wicked tales a-
bout her.

At last to save the expense of a keeper
Simon was discharged and the Dauphin was

R. Montalvo, Jr.

ELLS

PALDING’S GOODS
PORTING

ALSO

SHEET MUSIC

At New York Prices
Strings For All Musical Instruments

$1.00 DOWN

SECURES AN
EDISON PHONOGRAPH, VICTOR
TALKING MACHINE

Violin, Mandolin, Guitar or Banjo

R. MONTALVO, Jr.

209 Neilson St. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

The Landsberg Store

1, 2, 3 and 4 King Block.
New Brunswick’s only Department
Store, including Full Line of

MEN’S FURNISHINGS.

 
ig THE ARGO.

put in a cell by himself with a small barred h n P \W a ll
window. ‘The cell was dark as soon as the O °

sun had gone down, and there was no heat

in cold weather.

At last the Reign of Terror was over but HIGH GRADE TAILORING.,

the child was not set free. He was given
a clean room and better foo dto eat.

 

3 EES
The little prince died when he was ten

years old. He had spent about a third of his
short life in prison. Dorothy Strong.

15Church St.
EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
following exchanges:

New Brunswick
N. Jis

The Academy Journal, The Acropolis, The
Advocate, The Cardinal (2), The Cuttler
Fortnightly, The Echo, The Hasbrouch
Sphinx (2), The High School Recorder, The
Legenda, The Polytechnic (2), The Poly
Prep Magazine, The Quill, The Red and
White, The Targum, The Tome (3), The
Vail-Deane Budget (2), The Valkyrie (2),
The West Jersey Academian, and The Wind-

JACOB RE

Young Men's tastes and Young Men's figures are

studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That's why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits, . . $12 to $40
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

Raincoats, . , $15 to $35

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters.

Special
Discount
To Students

 

 

 

 

 

ge
WI
ep
©
ze
ND

 

 
  
 
 
  

JACOB REED’S SONS

1424-1426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia
SES

 

 

 
 

 

THE ARGO,

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

= _ 420 George street —_—

—_—

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs,
Soda and Milk Shakes.

Brushes

 

LOUIS LEITHEISE R, GO RO. 2 b.

Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROS.,

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St, Sporting Goods.

New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 Dennis STREET.

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station

68 and 70 Albany St.

please mention the Arg.

 

—_—_—_——
When patronizing the stores advertised {n our columns,

 
 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A.M., Ph.D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ROBERT E. LEWIS, A.B., Vice Principal, English and History.
CLINTON B. WILBUR, A.B., Greek, English, French.
CHARLES E. HALL, A.B., Mathematics.
H. HARRISON AVERILL, A.B., Science Master.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sce.M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A.B., German.
MISS HELEN SEARLE, A.B. Latin.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL.
MISS ADELINE L. TOWER,
Instructors.

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master.
New Brunswick, N. J.
