MS

BR

SS

—————

   
  
 

    

Y ddddsidddiidddldddiuumelic

Y

| ——— = decemer, 1908 }————

|

 

 

 

SENN

 

WIBELGQAQ
2
|
E
iy

 

 

KWON

   

7 \

SS

N

AK

oe
p
Th
yy

WMG

Z

ZG

SS

AS

 

       
          

 

a Te

em.

 

oy ge oe eee .
T Bee

ARGO

 

 

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific Schoo

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

 

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives
the degree of A.B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for
Greek, the candidate reccives the degree of B.Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture
and the Mechanic Arts.

In this Department there are eight full courses, cach
leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc.

1. A Course in Agriculture.

 

2. A Course in Civil Engineering.
3. A Course in Chemistry.
4. A Course in Electricity.
5. A Course in Biology,
6. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
7. A Course in Mechanical Engineering.
8. A Course in General Science.
And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does

not lead to a degree.
For catalogues and other information, address IRVING S.
UPSON, Registrar.
W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D., President.

 

J. HEIDINGSFELD,

No. 42 Albany Street,

New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

 

B. U. TAPKEN,ZEWELER——=

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.

111-113 CHURCH ST.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS and JACKETS sintchidren's:

sckot DRESS GOODS and SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings.

P. J. JounG Dry Goons G

CORNER OF GEORGE
e AND PATERSON STS.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
THE ARGO 25

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,
884 George St.

P. fl SUYDAM cRocer.

Everything the Best.

 

Phone 877. Hel: $8: Opp. Soldirs’ Monument.
Established 76 years.
——STEWART & CLAYTON——

Young's and ‘Truly Warner Hats

Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

 

  

NIFTY SHOHS

g@ Young Ren

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.
Basket-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

 

QO. O. STILLMAN,
Jeweler and Optician.

DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER.

SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER.

CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS.

133 ALBANY STREET.

 

S. ZIMMERMAN,
Barber.

Also Birds and Fishes.

881 GEORGE STREET.

I. S. VAN DERVEER,

Photographer,
Studio:

 

Bo VOLKERT,
Merehant « Tailor,

359 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

355 George Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
THE ARGO

26

. RUTGER

S PREP. SCHOOL BOOKSTORE

 

W. RB. REDD,

School, Office and General Stationery Supplies of Every Descripeion,

‘380 GEORGE STREET,

WILLIAM GAUB,

DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF

Meats > Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

‘a

Malay Sic tN

 

 

       

Fall ahi
tounge mena: Men’s Suits.

W. K, ORATER,

90 Church Street.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns please mention Tur Arco
, E ARG

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J,

RANDOLPH
Foto-grater.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

Phone 229-w.

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students. |

College Snaps.
We Make a Special Little Picture.

CALL AND SEE US.

 

Rensselaer 4,
PY
gp olytechnic?% Mn,
"Ue op Institute,
%  Troy,N.Y-

Local examinati: ‘ions provided for, oF Fe ‘or a catalogue,

 

ets
 

 

 

THE “ARGO.

 

New Brunswick, N, J., DECEMBER, 1908.

No. 3.

 

 

 

 

 

A REMARKABLE DREAM, OR WHY
MY HAIR IS WHITE.

It was a raw day in March. I went home
tired, and in bad humor, after a hard day in
the office. I went to bed shortly after supper,
and determined to get some sleep, as I had
been up very late the night before.

I was startled by having someone take my
wrist in his hand; opening my eyes, I saw
Dr. Grendy sitting at my side. The light was
burning low, and I could also see several
other persons around my bed. I was about
to ask the cause of this surprise party, but
thought I would keep quiet and see what it
all meant.

The doctor was counting my pulse and
looked so solemn that I thought I would
have to laugh.

“He is dead,” said the doctor—‘‘and gone |

to heaven,” I was about to add; but my tongue
failed to work. Everything was so strange
that I thought I would really be dead if I
didn’t laugh. Unable to hold in any longer I
—but I couldn't even crack a smile. Startled
by these strange happenings | tried to sit up.
I couldn’t move a muscle. It didn’t seem
so funny now, and I was thoroughly fright-
ened. Judging by their actions, my relatives and
triends seemed to think someone was dead.

 

The doctor arose and left the room. I tried
to ask him what the joke might be, but could
not speak a word.

“Well, this is getting serious,” thought I
(for it seems that thinking was about all I
could do) and it sounded serious too, for
every one tried to out do the other in a sort
of a moaning contest.

Shortly afterwards a tall man, whom I
recognized as Hunt, the undertaker, entered.
I soon found that I was rigid and perfectly
helpless. I was by this time very much alarm-
ed and concluded that I was in a trance. The
undertaker closed my eyes and prepared me
for burial.

O, if I could only move! I tried to cry out,
but could not.

The day which followed I shall never for-
get. As my eyes were closed, I could not see
the people that viewed me; but I could still
hear and knew what was going on. Would I
come out of the trance before I was buried?
If not, what would become of me? Words
cannot describe my agony.

The next day I knew would, unless I came
out of the trance, be my last. The dreaded
morning came finally and I heard my own
funeral service. If I could only stop them
from screwing down the lid! A sudden dark-
ness told that the lid was on; but still I hoped
that the darkness was caused by the closing
of the shutters. This hope, however, vanished
when someone said, “Here are the screws.”
What followed I cannot tell, for I lost con-
sciousness.

The next thing I knew was a slight jar, as
if I had been dropped a short distance. What
had happened? Where was I? It dawned
upon me that | had probably been lowered in
my grave; but my senses seemed scattered.
Still, I was aware of a “thud, thud.” I was

”

 
THE
28

being buried! My-ears-rang, ™
ready to burst! Here my mun
every event of my life.

Suddenly I felt a creepi ;
ing at my feet and ending on the very ends

of my hair. I found that I could move, and
instantly I raised my hands. They touched
wood. I bent my knees and planted my feet
against the lid. I pushed! I kicked until my
strength gave out. | screamed !

“For the love of Mike, phat’s the matter
wud yu, Mister Gaskin? Ar’ yes crazy OF
‘phat? Begorra, he thinks he’s fixen his
atomobee. Phat’s yer doing under yer bett a
kickin’ yer bett slats all apart? Come out, will
yes? Why, if he hain’t had his hett in a
flour barrel!”

I came out and, after kicking my faithful
servant from the room, I went back to my
bed, gray haired but happy.

y head seemed
d rushed over

ng sensation start-

 

THE CLASS OF 1909.
Let me tell you, kind friends, on this page
Of the people that live in our age,
And then when you meet them by chance,
You can size them up at the first glance.
Mr. Knox; ha! a noble good man
Ought to lead such a bright, happy band ;
But because he is sure, although slow,
Those men chose the honorable Low.
John H. Johnson, a man of good habits,
ls noted for humor and antics,
And if you've not seen a street roller,
I ask you to glance at G. Koehler.
If you know not the pranks of a wiggler,
Just seek out our friend Mr. Ziegler ;
And for cunning like unto a squirrel,
You'll find it in Raymond B. Searle.
When you travel by land or by sea,
You always hear of Frank Mankowski ;
For it is thought by the whole known world,
That he’s pitched the best base-ball ever

twirled.

F. Smith, a good man of much science,
Is noted by people for silence.

ARGO

And for wit that is brighter than glosg
You will find it in Mr. Miles Ross,’
As to orators, if they were all slain,

We would still have the great Chamberlain.
But, listen! do you hear that loud murmur
Escape? It is the mighty R. Turner.

In this flight, if you meet any sorrow,
Remember the cheerful Nat Carroll.

If you wish now a farmer to see,

Look well at our friend Folensbee.
Athletics are enjoyed at old Prep,

And one branch of athletics is tennis;

In this honor is held by one yet,

He is known as Arthur A. Prentiss,

‘As to foot-ball, we watch it with glee,
When played by the warlike Pingry.

And if you wish for a Mexican story,
Just listen to the good de la Torre.

The last but not least of this band

Is Reeves who writes songs nicely scanned.
I have told you, my friends, of a class
Whose equal you will find at no time,
And old R. P. will suffer, alas!

When she loses the men of ‘o9.
R. A. S. 08.

FRATERNITY NOTES.

The following men have been taken into
the fraternities so far this year:

Tau Phi—De la Torre, Koehler, Pfennings-
weith, Ritter.

Delta Theta—Benner, Pingry, R. W. Searle,
Turner, White.

Beta Phi—Willard.

The Delta Theta’s have new pledge buttons.
They are in the shape of a triangle with a,
five inside. The colors are maroon and gold,
the fraternity colors.

The Tau Phi’s new pledge pins are penta-
gon shaped with a thirteen inside. ‘They
represent the inside of the regular pins.

At a meeting of the Athletic Association R.
B. Searle was elected manager for the next
year’s foot-ball team and Conger assistant.
 

aaa

THE

 

A new clock has been installed in the audi-
torium. It is connected with bells by electri-
city that rings both those in the Prep. and
the Elementary School at the end of classes.
The appearance of the auditorium has been
greatly improved.

The plumbers have completed their work
on the new laboratory and the science classes
are progressing rapidly.

Mr. Scudder’s office is finished. It is a
part of the old laboratory room and leads into
the cloak room.

We are sorry to say that the orchestra club
has fallen through, as there seems to be no
one to play.

Low and J. Voorhees entered the relay race
from New York to Washington.

There has been a great deal of talk about
cross-country races. If there are to be any
they will have to start soon.

Basket-ball is here again for the second
time. We have but two of last year’s men,
Captain Todd and Ziegler, but we will have
a number of candidates to pick from. We
have succeeded in getting Mr. Relyea to coach
us. Manager Pingry, we expect a fine sched-
ule.

Everyone that is tardy must pay a fine of
five cents, which goes into the fund of the
A. A. Over twenty were late for a couple
of days. Keep up the good work, boys!

The foot-ball team has just ended a most
successful season, They lost two games, tied

 

ARGO 29

one and won: four. Most of this year’s team
will be back next year, and with new ma-
terial Captain Todd should turn out the finest
team the Prep. School ever had. But every
one should applaud this year’s team for the
honor she has brought our old school. The
praise should go to everyone on the team, and
especially to Coach Smith and Captain Ziegler.

The foot-ball team elected Todd for next
year’s foot-ball team. The other candidate
was Morrison. We wish you all possible luck,
Captain Todd.

R—r (in English)—“The Chinese were in-
vented by gunpowder.”

B—s—t—‘This he spoke and they remain-
ed seated in their seated seats.”

Mr. L—s—“Did you notice what pedagog-
ical mistake I just made?”

V—s—"Yes, you gave me a 1o for my
recitation.”

Mr. L—s—“Correct!

”

I shall leave off the
I,

P—t—s (at breakfast table)—“‘We made
Pingry turn out the gas in the dark,”

Z—r (at indoor foot-ball practice)—
“Keim, what does the play 18-26-41 mean?”

K—m—“Center takes the ball around end.”

Z—r— “Voorhees, what does 69-17-89
mean?”

V—h—s—‘Right handed kick around left
end.”

P—t—s—“They gathered arrows where
the battle had been the following day.”

Mr. L—s—“Who was Thanatopsis ?”
_ P—t—s—"She was the Goddess of Death.”

“Fat” Cornish wished to take a constitu-
tional before breakfast and asked Pingry to
call him at half-past five. He was told it
would be dark, but he did not mind and went
to bed at eight, At ten o’clock Pingry awoke

 
a THE
to the bridge and came
Then he wanted
fore break-

“Fat,” who ran out
back to the Trap at eleven.
to play a couple of sets of tennis be

fast.
“A horse is a vain thing for safety.” —

Bible.
“Ne credite equo.” (Do not trust the

horse.) —Virgil.
“A horse! a horse! My kingdom for a
horse !’’—Richard III.

J—s—n—‘It’s always in the dative case
whether it is or not.”

P—t—s—‘Impassable river full of men.”
B—s—t—"The revolutionary broke out.”

K—x—"She roars the words from her
breast.”

S—e (explaining metamorphosis) — “It
means the righteous anger of the gods.”

C—r—n—“When Cyrus was attackeded by
bears.”
L—s—“Why don’t you call this (holding

up a watch) a hen?”
T—d—“Because you can watch it.” (Oh,

Todd.)
C—r—n—“When, having laid down, he sat
down.”

Mr. S—d—r—“Why did the people in
Europe build their villages in clearings?”
M—w—i—‘So they could see the Indians

coming after them.”

F—r—‘“Beekman, what have I just put
down there?”

B—m—‘The same thing only a little bit
more.”

M—w—i—(naming metals our money is
coined from)—"Gold, silver, copper, nichol.”

[The following were remarks overheard on
the way to Tarrytown.]

ARGO

R-w—d—‘‘Is that the subway up there>

.M—i—n—(in the subway)—‘Say, did aa

get transfers?”

K—h—r—(in Child’s, looking in mirror)
look at White way back there. |

“Say,
sitting next to me.”

thought he was

F—1—e—(looking at the elevated )—‘Say,
fellows, how long have they been having
those elevated sidewalks?”

v—r—s—“Coach Smith, do you want to

go to the Hippodrome ?”
C. S—h—“What do you get to eat there?”

 

“We don’t want to buy your store goods;
We don’t like you any more.

You'll be sorry when you see us

Going to some other store.

You can’t sell us any shirt waists,
Four-in-hands or other fads.

We don’t want to buy your store goods

If you won’t give us your ads.”
Vox Studentis.

CLASS NOTES.
1909.

At a meeting of the Senior Class Turner
was elected captain of the class foot-ball team.
Reeves and Knox were elected cheer leaders.
President Low appointed a committee com-
posed of R. B. Searle, chairman; Bissett and
Pingry to select some class yells.

I9Io,
Elmendorf was elected captain of the Junior
team for their game with the Seniors.
The Junior class has purchased class pins.
They are very neat looking.

 

 
————, =

 

THE

 

 

THE ARGO,

Published Monthly During’ the School Year,

BY THE

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

 

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

 

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

BOARD OF EDITORS:

H. F. Smrru, ’o9, Editor-in-Chief.
C. V. S. Knox, ’o9, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
A. A. Prentiss, ’09, Alumni Notes.
J. H. Jounson, ’09,

J. R. REEVES, 09,
R. W. IREDELL, ’09, }
J. E. Evmenoporr, ’10, l

R. W. Turner, ’09,

M. Ross, ’09, News.

F. H. Low, ’09,

R. W. Searte, ’10, Exchanges.

J. N. Sirn, Annex.

R. B. SEARLE, ’09, |
R. T. B. Topp, ’10, §

4 Literary Editors.

Business Managers.

 

 

 

 

* Subscription price, per year, 75 cents. et
All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-
panied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great
one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school,
cordially invited to contribute.

favor by writing on

students, and alumni are most

ARGO 31

The Christmas holidays put us all in a good
humor, and we are especially delighted to
learn that we get three days more vacation
than we expected. We wish teachers and
scholars a Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year, and hope that Santa Claus will treat us
all well. If we don’t make ourselves sick with
too many sweets, we shall probably all meet
again when school reopens. Let us have the
best time possible during the holidays. and
come back to school resolved to work better
than before.

At Chapel exercises a few days ago Mr.
Scudder spoke a timely word against cigarette-
smoking and particularly the practice of inhal-
ing. This practice has assumed serious pro-
portions among the school-boys of this coun-
try. While perhaps it is not worse in this
school than in many other secondary schools,
yet here as elsewhere it is becoming so gen-
eral among the students that it seems neces-
sary to continue speaking strongly against this
practice. Tue Arco as the official organ of
the school seems best fitted to assume the task
begun by Mr. Scudder.

The “Industrialist,’ to which Mr. Scudder
referred has issued an admirable article by
Professor William A. McKeever of the Kan-
sas State Agricultural College, which deals
very fully with this question. It seems best to
complete this editorial with quotations from
this article. Mr. McKeever said in part:

“One of the greatest menaces to our moral
and intellectual well-being to-day is the fact
that cigarette-smoking is becoming a popular
fad among boys and young men, while the use
of a strong pipe is a close second in favor. Go
where you will in this broad land of ours, and
the pale faces, bleary eyes, trembling fingers
and the foul stench of cigarette fumes tell the
same pathetic story. This most serious blight
upon the bloom and beauty of our American
32 THE
boyhood is chargeable to parental ignorance
and carelessness... . The serious nature,
and even the cruelty of this habit among men
is at once apparent when we consider its in-
fluence and effects upon boys. .- - The
younger the boy, the worse the smoking hurts
him in every way, for these lads almost in-
variably inhale the fumes; and that is the most
injurious part of the practice. According to
Dr. Sims Woodhead, professor of Pathology
in Cambridge University, cigarette-smoking in
the case of boys partly paralyzes the nerve
cells at the base of the brain and thus inter-
feres with the breathing and the heart action.
. .. We cannot avoid the conclusion that, in
the case of boys and youths, cigarette-smok-
ing is very deleterious to the physical and
mental well-being. Moreover my investiga-
tions indicate that it makes very little differ-
ence in the effects whether the victim uses
pipes or cigarettes, provided he inhales the
fumes ; and with very few exceptions the young
smokers are inhalers. The ordinary case ex-
hibits about the following type of conduct:
(1) While the craving is at its height the

victim manifests much uneasiness and often -

much excitation. (2) During the indulgence
the cheek is alternately flushed and blanched,
the respiration considerably increased, and the
hands tremble. (3) About twenty minutes
after smoking the muscles become relaxed, the
respiration slow and shallow, the skin on the
face dry and sallow, and there is an apparent
feeling of unconcern about every thing... .
The ordinary cigarette-smoking student has a
very peculiar experience in his effort to pre-
pare his daily lessons, about as follows: He
goes to his room in the evening with the full
intention of studying and opens his text-book,
but a certain feeling of nervous uneasiness
soon leads his hands automatically to roll and
light a cigarette. He indulges the habit a
few minutes, when, presto, the lesson task
which a while ago looked serious and urgent
now appears trivial and unnecessary, and he

ARGO

accordingly neglects it. He is now affable anq
companionable, but the higher moral judg.
ments have lost their value to him and he js
most ready to yield to the evil suggestions of
others.”

Mr. McKeever goes on to say that the habit
is very hard to break, and hence prevention is
the only practical solution. It would be well
if this city should, like Chicago, stringently
prohibit the sale of cigarettes, but this being
impossible we can at least break it up in our
own school. Let the older boys keep the
younger ones from beginning the habit. Let
us at least keep from smoking around the
school buildings, and let us sincerely strive to
do away with this abominable habit.

 

Mr. Scudder has had an unusual number of
out of town speaking engagements, and has
dates ahead, one as late as next May, at the
New Paltz Norman School, Columbia Uni-
versity, College of Agriculture here, the State
Y. M. C. A. convention at Atlantic City, and
several New Brunswick engagements.

Among the more recent engagements we
note an address before the Phi Beta Kappa
Society of Rutgers College, before the Civic
Improvement Society of Germantown, Pa., at
the Teachers’ Institute, Woodbridge, N. J., and
before the Public Education Society at Somer-
ville.

Tue Arco notes with pleasure, the addition
of a much needed equipment of maps. There
was a time when schools used maps only in
connection with political geography, but now
teachers of the classics and of modern lan-
guages, as well as of ancient and modern his-
tory, and teachers of literature, and even of
science find that maps are indispensible for
good class work. They are also indispensible
to wide awake citizens of every age, for the
newspaper has brought us in close touch with
THE

all the world, and an intelligent view of what
is happening among the nations calls for con-
stant map references and demands a liberal
supply of maps and charts to. show physical as
well as political features,

Our school, then, is fortunate in the recent
additions which consist of some magnificent
Sydon-Habenicht physical maps; some of the
famous Kiepert ‘political and physical maps ;
the entire set of the Spruner-Bretschneider
Historical Wall maps, to accompany the medie-
val and modern history of Europe from 350
to 1815 A. D.; the mammoth map of Palestine
80 by 102 inches, published by the Committee
of the Palestine Exploration Fund, so large
that it shows forests, marshes, lakes, aque-
ducts, springs, mines, watch towers, Roman
mile-stones, roads, wells and even wine-
presses; and some maps to accompany the
Third of Caesar, Cicero Vergil and the Ana-
basis. Then there is the new edition of the
Foster Historical Chart with its 34 maps to
illustrate American history, and to cap all are
the two great, handsomely bound Atlases of
the World, published by Rand, McNally and
Company.

We understand that still other maps are
coming. One thing is becoming very appar-
ent, and that is, that our school is to possess

abundant equipment in every department and’

this equipment is to be of the best and most
recent make.

Apropos of the last remark above, our
science room is becoming our pride and de-
light. The great laboratory tables have gas,
water and sewer connections, while the install-
ing of the immense table is a decided improve-
ment on the old desks and a much appreciated
boon for those who have note book work, with
the great amount of drawing and sketching
that is required nowadays in the study of
science,

ARGO 33

/ It is quite generally conceded that nothing
in this world has a right to exist unless it has
an influence for good. When our whole aim
in life is to grow, it would seem absurd to
cherish anything which does not help us to
do so; and there are so many experiences for
us that it is wise economy to choose those
that, — well, at least those that do not stand
in our way. The whole question of fraterni-
ties if regulated by his principle would not
need discussion. There are fraternities in
preparatory schools and colleges that develop
a spirit of loyalty which helps a number to
keep up to the best that is in him, that pro-
vide an occasion for their members to demon-
strate and perfect their ability along musical
and literary lines, that give opportunity for
serious work in public speaking and in debate,
that do all of this without detracting from the
development of the social spirit which fraterni-
ties rightfully consider so important. There
are also fraternities that in their initiations
bring to the initiate no feeling of respect or ad-
miration for an ideal,—because they have no
ideal,—that offer no opportunities such as those
mentioned above, that provide no real social
interest, that some times apparently exist in
order that the “crowd” may amuse itself
in ways at least negative as regard any uplift,
and often destructive as regards decency and
manliness. The first class of organization is
to be encouraged, the second class, if we re-
spect the principle for existence, has no place
to fill. The whole question becomes simply
this:—do we or do we not wish to make
progress ?

We call attention of our fellow students to
the new Quarterly Report Blanks. They are
unique, were devised by Mr. Scudder when
he was principal of the Hill House High
School of New Haven, and improved during
nine years experience while Principal of the
New Paltz State Normal School. A similar
Report is issued by the Elementary School.
 

we THE

They are given quarterly, except in case of
failures, which are reported every five weeks.
Pages three and four contain special criticisms
and comments that are scientific and compre-
hensive. They give us and our parents acctr-
ate and, as far as possible, complete informa-
tion regarding our deficiencies, and suggest-
ions for improvement. We notice that page
three contains remarks designed primarily for
the student who fails, and we see a classified
statement of the causes of that failure, telling
us wherein we are deficient, and what our in-
dividual necessities are.

We find that our methods of evasions are
thoroughly known and understood by the
teachers. We receive standings below the
passing mark and find our attentions called to
statements on the Blank such as: 8, Is not in-
dustrious; 13, Tries to bluff; 35, Over esti-
mates his knowledge; 41, Multitude of glib
expressions do not imply accurate information
or a well prepared lesson; 78, Power of con-
centration weak, mind wanders; 109, Helpless
when thrown on his own resources; 94, Too
many outside interests. Although the criti-
cisms are of an_unpleasant nature, we think
they will teach us to know our faults, and to
know what effort is necessary to remedy.
They ought to improve our scholarship and
receive from us the heartiest codperation. We
hope the responsibility of improving our-
selves will become manifest to us and wiil
cause us to settle into conscientious and con-
tinued effort.

DO INTERCLASS ATHLETICS EXERT
A DESIRABLE INFLUENCE IN
A SCHOOL?

It will be admitted by the students of any
school that any influence which improves the
varsity athletic teams is a desirable influence.
Interclass athletics do improve the ‘varsity
athletic teams. To organize a good ‘varsity it

ARGO

is absolutely necessary to have an organized
team to play against and plenty of material
with which to work. It is often hard to in-
duce fellows to come out and play on the
scrub, to be knocked about every day and
never be compensated by playing in a sched-
uled game. If the fellows belonged to class
teams, they would gladly appear regularly and
play hard against the ‘varsity, that they might
be more efficient in their games with the other
classes. The ‘varsity could practice against a
team which would not, like the ordinary scrub,
be composed of fellows who come out very
seldom, and display little ambition, but would
be an organized team, trained and hard to
beat. Also, freshmen and sophomores who
could not make the ‘varsity but could make
their class‘teams, would, a year or two later,
make stronger ‘varsity men because of their
training obtained on a class team. Thus inter-
class athletics make better ‘varsities.

It is undoubtedly true that any influence
tending to increase the mental and physical
strength of the students, is a desirable intlu-
ence in a school. It may be shown that class
athletics accomplish this. It is necessarily
true that a school is represented in athletics by
a small ratio of the pupils. Those few pupils
reap great benefits for their efforts. The fact
that athletic- work improves a man’s physical
condition, under normal circumstances, is uni-
versally admitted, and mental improvement
should, and usually does, follow physical im-
provement. If class athletics do not exist in
a school, it may be seen that the great majority
of the pupils, being unable to qualify for the
‘varsity, cannot obtain those benefits which the
few chosen men receive, But, class athletics
having been installed, nearly every man in a
school, at least a large majority, may play on
athletic teams. Thus, admitting that the above
Stated benefits exist, [and you can prove their
existance by observation], it may be seen that
class athletics improve the mental and physical
abilities—and thereby the scholarship—of the
 

 

THE

students, thus improving the whole school by
improving the unit.

It is also my belief that a man who partici-
ates in athletic sports spends more time in
actual studying than one who does not. Hay-
ing spent a part of the day practising, a stu-
dent has time left for nothing but study. Real-
izing this, he goes to work immediately, and
utilizes all his time. On the other hand, the
other man fills his afternoons irregularly. He
seldom studies during the hour or two when
the athlete is practising, and after that amount
of time has passed, having accomplished noth-
ing in particular, he does not realize, as does
the athlete, that he has expended part of his
time and must make an effort to utilize every
minute left. Daily practice makes a pupil’s
life regular, and his work systematical, so he
does it better. These facts being true, class
athletics, since they lead more men to practice
athletic sports, lead them to spend more time
in actual study.

By observation it is proved that inter-class
athletics generate a vigorous, competitive spirit
among the students. This is always desirable
in a school, and greatly strengthens the gen-
eral school spirit.

Thus, since inter-class athletics exert an
influence which produces results admitted, to
be desirable, that form of athletics exerts a de-

sirable influence in a school.
R. .W. TuRNER, ’09.

 

Why not have a debating club? This ques-
tion has been asked time and time again, and
yet no one person or group of persons seems
willing to take the initiative. Hence it re-
mains for the ‘Arco to make the suggestion
direct and if possible to arouse some active in-
terest in the student body. It is hoped that
this suggestion will be taken up, and carried
through to a fitting conclusion.

Debating has been recognized as a necessary

ARGO $8

a for life and especially for that life
cin the graduates of this, and other schools
On a like nature, will likely lead. Implying as
it does the ability to think clearly while on
Ones feet, and to express one’s thought logi-
cally and concisely, it leads to a greater readi-
ness in conversation, a more forceful main-
taining of ones views, and an increased knowl-
edge which will greatly widen the intellect.
Moreover it is essential to intelligent reading,
for it is the only way which will enable us to
do justice to the arguments of others, to see
their strength, to detect their weakness.

Any one who expects to be a leader among
men,—it is to be hoped we all wish for leader-
ship—must be able to propose solutions to
problems which are bound to arise, and by
argument and reasoning to show that these
will stand the test. Lawyers, politicians,
scientists, almost every kind of worker, find
the ability to debate not only a desirable but
a necessary acquirement.

Lest we get monotonous let us get back
to earth again. Every college and nearly all
secondary schools have debating societies. We
know of one high school with less than 150
enrolled in which there are four societies,
which meet every two weeks. The member-
ship of these societies embraces the entire
school. As a result we find the graduates of
this high school prominent in the literary in-
terests of college. Let us not be behind the
times. Make debating a pleasure, and we will
find that, pleasure is a great source of profit.

 

The Annex which for twenty years has been
so closely connected with Rutgers Preparatory
School as to share in its identity, begs the
recognition of its individuality under the name
of the Rutgers Elementary School—a name
which differentiates it at once from the sec-
ondary, or boys’ school, and at the same time
points out its intimate connection with it.

A beautiful new flag has been raised over
 

 

36 THE

. the entrance to the building. Within the build-
ing a few changes have been made. Some
partitions have been removed, thereby enlarg-
ing the class room assigned to the first and
second grades, and providing a good-sized
room, which will be fitted up for industrial
work, and which may also be used on stormy
days for a play room.

The school opened with a large registration.
With Miss Marsden and Miss Shankel in
charge of the upper grades and Miss Dickin-
son in the primary department, the school
maintains its old-time standard of excellence,
while the scope of its work has been enlarged
and the course of study somewhat modified.

History has been introduced in all the
grades above the first. Social and industrial
geography is also taught in the lower grades.
Here the homes of people of foreign lands in
their environment, the foods, occupations,
modes of dress, and customs are studied. In
this instruction the sand-table plays an im-
portant part. On it the children represent
typical scenes from the countries which they
are studying. They model animals in clay;
build adobe houses, log huts, or wigwams;
construct two-wheeled carts, primitive plows,
or birch-bark canoes as the conditions demand.

Art and industrial work are also included
in the curriculum. Penmanship is taught by
a graduate of Eastman’s Business College.

As much importance is attached to the play-
ground and the children’s games as to any
subject in the curriculum. This is a matter of
national interest and paramount importance in
the educational world to-day. Before the
close of the year this school hopes to demon-
strate what can be done even with a small
play-ground, and what are some of the good
effects of well directed, well organized play.

The year has opened most auspiciously ; and,
with the codperation of the pupils and the
endorsement of the patrons and friends, prom-
ises to be one of the best in the history of the
school.

ARGO

 

We acknowledge with thanks the following
exchanges: Academy Journal, Acta Diuvna,

Caravel, Commerce, Echo, Mirror (West
Hoboken H. S.), Mirror (Moravian Sem),
Magpie, Poly Prep., Polytechnic, Recorder,
Register, Spectator, Swarthmore Prep. Quar-
terly, Tattler, Trident, Vail Deane Budget,
Valkyrie, Vox Studentis, West Jersey Aca-
demian. ;

West Jersey Academian, as a whole your
paper is good. The story, “A Visit from Roy-
alty” deserves credit. Editorials would not
harm your paper. We wish especially to
congratulate you on your athletics column.

The November issue of the Caravel is by
far the best paper we have yet received. “The
Seven of Diamonds” is an intensely interest-
ing story and the poems show that you have
poets worthy everyone's praise. We are glad
to see so many editorials and cuts.

Tattler, a story would do you no harm nor
would editorials.

The Vail Deane Budget should have less
stories and more editorials,

The Swarthmore Prep. Quarterly is the
most attractive school paper of the November
issue,

Mirror, where are your alumni notes?

Trident, with more editorials your paper
would be perfect.

Register, you should not have discarded
your old cover.

The Academy Journal certainly has too
many stories, If they were all deeply inter-

L —
THE
sing We would say nothing, Why

have y,
ed your athletics ? ven

2!
gad )

Magpie, We congratulate yOu on your cover
The joot-ball poem is very good. ;
The Poly Prep. is very interesting, as well
45 entertaining.

 

ALUMNI NOTES.
1h Dr. Todd was an enthusiastic rooter
at the Irving game.
‘ot. McKibben was in town lately,
‘2. The engagement of Miss Helen Searie
gnd John MacNeill has been announced,
‘oo, Louis Bevier has returned from

ARGO
: 37

07. Miss P. sage. ney

December 4th Fentiss visited the school on
Ex-'o7. Eq

sR dpac Can. :

more Prep, oo. 1s attending Swarth-
108) Dim Smite :

game. Smith umpired the Irving-Prep.
Ex-’ ;

ais Turner Barr Is attending Pingry

seabon, € won his letter in foot-ball this

‘08. Hewette Joyce
With his parents in N

08. Thurlow
gradu

spent Thanksgiving
ew Brunswick.

Nelson is taking a post-
ate course at Rutgers Prep, School.

Europe, where he spent several months of e-w2

leasure.

‘93. Miss Margaret Bevier graduated from
Vassar College with honors last June.

‘oy. The engagement of Mr, Douglas
Fisher to Miss Abbie Cranmer has been an-
nounced.

‘og. Joyce Kilmer was in town recently,

Ex-'og. Schuyler Rust is working in Bos-
ton,

‘05. Ed. Halstead has entered Rutgers
College.

‘os. Arthur and Spencer Devan caught a
burglar in their home last month after a des-
perate struggle.

‘06. Ed. Scott has entered Rutgers Col-
lege.

066. Allan Burroughs has received his dip-
loma from the School of Pharmacy.

06. Harry R. Cox has been playing a star
game at guard on the Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute's foot-ball team.

‘06. Miss Wilbur came home from Smith
College for T hanksgiving vacation.

Mr. Hall visited the school twice recently.
He has been coaching the Bellefonte Acad-
‘my foot-ball team and they had a very suc-
cessful season,
ti "7. Ted Pockman underwent an opera-

ion for appendicitis. He is doing nicely.
cn Hodgson is bookkeeper at the

Amboy Cable Works.

 

In appreciation of the good work done by
the team in the past season, we think it is
not out of place to publish in our paper a
short summary of the season’s record. The
games played and results are:—

At Home.
NiBeblS:,-0; RP. 11
Boys High, 5. R. P., 4.
Wilson M. A. 5. R. P., 5.

Out of Town.
P. Ee S005; RP. 5:
Holy Cross, 0. R. P., 5.
Trenton Model, 4. R. P., 11.
Irving, 18 R. P., 5.

The following is a list of the players, their
position, weight and residence.

J. B. Ziegler ‘09. Captain and left half-
back, and did the kicking; weight, 152 lis :
Yonkers, New York. 3

C. H. Bissett ‘09. Center; weight, 140 Ibs;
New Brunswick, N. J.

a
 

ES a a

38 THE

. F. G. Blanchard ‘10. Substitute tackle;
weight, 135 lbs; Paterson, N. J.

J. C. Conger “11. Substitute tackle; weight,
145 lbs.; New Brunswick, N. J.

J. E. Elmendorf ’10. Quarterback; weight,
120 Ibs.; New Brunswick, N. J.

D. J. Folensbee’ 09. Left guard; weight,
187 lbs.; Schoharie, N. Y.

R. W. Iredell ‘og. Left tackle; weight,
145 lbs.; New Brunswick, N. J.

C. C. Keim ’11. Right tackle; weight, 135
Ibs.; Washington, D. C.

G. Koehler ‘og. Right guard; weight, 230
Ibs.; Bound Brook, N. J.

F. E. Low ’og. Fullback .and substitute
full back; weight, 140 lbs.; Passaic, N. J.

G. Morrison ’10. Right end; weight, 145
Ibs.; New Brunswick, N. J.

V. W. Pingry ’o9. Substitute end; weight,
143 Ibs.; Millbrook, N. Y.

R. T. B. Todd ’10. Left end; weight, 156
Ibs.; Tarrytown, N. Y.

R. W. Turner ’og. Quarterback and full-
back; weight, 156 lbs.; Yonkers, N. Y.

T. Voorhees ‘10. Substitute center and
substitute tackle; weight, 160 lbs.; New
3runswick, N. J.

D. White ’12. Right halfback; weight, 125
Ibs.; Newark, N. J.

RUTGERS PREP. VS. TARRYTOWN.

The Prep. team went to Tarrytown on the
fourteenth of November and were beaten in
an interesting game by the score of 18-5. Our
boys arrived there considerably tired out and
did not get into the game until the second
half when they held their opponents.

First Half.

Moore kicked to Iredell who was downed
on the forty-five yard line. Ziegler made
first down. Turner made five yards through
center but Ziegler was forced to punt, Moore
running the ball back to the middle of the
field. Irving by line bucking pushed the ball
over for a touchdown. Moore kicked the
goal. Score, Irving, 6; R. P., o.

ARGO

Moore kicked off to Turner who ran the ball
back thirty yards. Ziegler made a forward
pass to ‘odd who ran hity yards to Irving's
twelve yard line but the play did not count
as the ball passed over the line of scrimmage.
Irving secured the ball and Moore was shoved
over for a touchdown. He kicked the goal.
Score, Irving, 12; R. P., o. The half ended
as the ball was kicked off.

Second Half.

The Prep. team came on the field determin-
ed to play their opponents to a standstill and
they certainly succeeded. Ziegler kicked off
to Miles. Prep. received the ball on downs
and on the second play Ziegler scored a
touchdown by a twenty yard run. He missed
the goal. Score, Irving, 12; R. P., 5.

Irving kicked off and Prep. by forward
passes and line bucking took the ball to Irv-
ing’s thirty yard line where it was lost on a
fumble. Irving fumbled but Moore picked
up the ball and ran to Prep’s thirty yard line.
Miles made first down. Here Prep. held
them for two downs. On the third down they
fumbled and Miles picked up the ball and
made a touchdown. Moore again kicked the
goal. Score, Irving, 18; R. P., 5. The half
ended without any more scoring.

RUTGERS PREP. vs. TRENTON MODEL

On Saturday the seventh of November,
the Prep. foot-ball team :defeated Trenton
Model on their grounds by the score of 11-4.
The game was snappy, well played and full
of interest.

The team left town on the 1.07 train arriv-
ing in Trenton about two o'clock. After
having deposited their suit cases at Model
School they wandered over’ Trenton until
time to prepare for the game.

The game started about half past three.
Trenton kicked off to Prep. who, upon receiv-
ing the ball, by a series of quick, trick plays,
made a touchdown in less than a minute,
Ziegler carrying the ball over the line. The
 

 

ay was not kicked. Score: Trenton, 0:
0 ;
2 ye 5:
R J kicked off to Model who were held

é ) ep.
a The teams exchanged the ball
ia of times, the ball being dangerously

wat PIE 's goal line. Finally Ziegler ya's

mace! pehind the line. Score: Model, 2

RPS
Prep. kicked out to Trenton Model who

were forced to kick. After another exchange
af punts Prep. was again forced back of their
own goal line. Score: Trenton, 4; R. P,, 5,
Soon after this the half ended.

Second Half.

prep. kicked off to Model. The ball ex-
changed hands several times. Prep., finally
getting it, started down the field and were
aided by Model being penalized twice. They
tried a forward pass but it was very cleverly
caught by Lawson. In the next play, Don-
nelly made the sensational run of the game,
but was tackled by Ziegler. After both teams
had lost the ball a number of times, Model
made a bad fumble which was secured by
Turner, he having to jump the ropes, that
surrounded the field, to get it. Prep. started
the ball down the field for a touchdown. The
goal was kicked. Score: Model, 4; Prep.,
u. Just after the ball was kicked time was
called.

The line-up was as follows:

Rutgers Prep. Trenton Model.

Left End.

Todd: cocccsoee ool sees cs See ie Stowteroree Brown
Left Tackle.

Iredell .. cc. e ee ee eee Montgomery (Capt.)
Left Guard.

Foletisbeé eases wars aoc ems eee eet Brown

Center. :

Bissett (Voorhees)... +++ Blanco (Guards)
Right Guard. /

Koehler’ .csssce sccssnre osese oone 888 BE English
Right Tackle.

Keim oc ceece cee ee eee eee Serven

3u
Morrison... Right End, ‘
srSHeVsSle as tee cabo wieelbls ose
Elmendorf... aca i :
White Right Halfback. ‘s

afiS tial gavemlaliwdaytsies: ¢ Sturm (Donnelly)
Left Halfback,

Zi a
tegler (Capt.) Naefer

Tumer Lawson
Referee—Burd, Umpire—Smith. Time-

keepers.—Reeves, Owen. Time of halves—
20 and 20,

1909 vs. 1910.

On Saturday, November twenty-first, the
Prep. boys for the first time played an inter-
class game. The new idea was extremely pop-
ular and there was quite a crowd in the
bleachers, particularly the fair sex. The day
was ideal for foot-ball, with one exception ; the
field was muddy. :

The game was well played by both teams,
the forward passes of the Juniors being a
feature of the game.

First Half.

The game started about three o'clock, Hoe
kicking the ball to De la Torre who lost it,
White dropping on it. After a period of hard
fighting in which the ball changed hands a
number of times the Juniors scored a touch-
down, Hoe carrying it over. As the ball
would have to be kicked at an impossible
angle, White punted out, Elmendorf heeling
it in front of the goal post. White then
kicked the goal. Score, Juniors, 6; Seniors,
0. Soon after this the half ended.

Second Half.

Searle kicked to Todd. The Juniors soon
pushed the ball near the Senior's goal line but
they, recovering, took the ball to the other
end of the field in two brilliant runs made by
Low and Pingry. The Seniors kept the ball
near the goal line but could not make a
touchdown before the half ended.
40 THE

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be found at

BR LIN S

’Phone 310-3. 71 CHURCH ST.

SCHUSSLER’S

Parties, Dinners and Receptions served in
the best manner.

BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100.

Caterers.

9 ererenennenens

 

GO TO

ARCHER'S

or Good Shoes.
17 PEACE STREET.

The Landsberg Store,

1, 2, 3 and 4 KING BLOCK.

MEN'S FURNISHINGS.

 

 

ARGO

JOHN_P. WALL

 

M5
Church St.

New Brunswick,
N. J.

Special
- Discount

to Students

 

 

Raincoats,

Clothiers, Haberdashers,

 

 

JACOB REEDS SONS.

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are
studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits,
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

- $12 to $40

- $15 to $35

Hatters.

JACOB REED’S SONS,
1424-1426 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
}

—

THE ARGO

Bissetts Drug Store

420 George Street.

 

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WHEN IN NEED OF

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Pow-
der, Soap, Combs, Brushes,
Soda and Milk Shakes

 

 

Go to
HARVEY IREDELL, D.D.S. .
Church St., Cor. Neilson. Seiffert Bros.
National Bank of New Jersey Building. For Stationery, Books, Photo and Sporting
Anesthetics Administered. Goods.
50 DENNIS STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,
68 and 70 Albany Street.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco,

 

 
HE BOYS ENJOY THEIR SCHOOL NOME
IN THIS DORMITORYLT IS ALSO THE Hero/psters
RESIDENCE AND MOST OF THE MACULTY

LIVE-HRAE,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS
sGeecte 143d Year

A high grade" college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rutgers College, and therefore
enjoying unusual advantages.

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY.

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school home under the im-
mediate supervision of the headmaster. Excellent table.
Interesting social and athletic life. Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball. Military drill.

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL.

In the Elementary School girls as well as boys are received. Boys of all ages received in either
school at any time, cither as day pupils or boarders.

EXPENSES.—A4t the House.—The regular terms at the House are $450 a year, a few rooms being
rated at $4oc. Boys have individual beds. Rooms are heated by steam. Day Puptls—For day pupils
the following rates, per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Department, each grade $9.00. Intermedi-
ate Department.—Fourth and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00. Academic De-
partment.—First Form, $16.00; Second Form, $18.60; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, $24.00.

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York. Parents
naturally want to patronize an easily accessible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emerg-
ency the son is in quick touch with the home. Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Adtlress, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco,

 

 
