 

   
     

Fe Sadie

Pe

SEVERA RES a

   
 
  

 

       
 

 

 

, EST °
VERUM GAUDIUM

 

THE ARGO. —

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School

New Brunswick, N. J. — -
a aie

VOLUME XIX MARCH or rt

 

 
ws

ok a a

 

 

 

THE ARGO.
I THE AR

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

 

THE CLASSICAL. DEPARTMENT
Is Broad and Thorough

and by arevison and enlargement of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

unusual facilities for Mlective Courses throughout the tate Now Javeey-8
. 4 Jersey State College for the benefit of Agri
Junior and Senior years,in Latin, Greek, irench, ture and the Mechanic Arts. & gricu
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, In thls Departmont there are elght full courses, each

History, Political Science, Philosophy, loading to the first degree In science, B. Se.
e 1. A Course In Agriculture.
Physics, Chomistry and Blology. 2, A Course In Civil Engineering.

A Course in Chemistry.

A Course in Electricity.

A Course In Biology.

A Course in Clav Working and Coramics.

A Course In Mechanieal Mngineering,

A Course In General Sclence.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements | Anda ehort course of two years in Coramics which does

in which Modern Languages and Sclonco are substituted for | not lead toa degree.
Grook, the candidate recelyes the degree of B, Litt. Por cetalonnes and other information, address IRVING
W. H.S. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., President,

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

20! NEILSON ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

TINE JOB PRINTING

Of Every Description.

BU LTAPrKEWN,

JEWELER,
sa ral Meee Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

In this Department, on tho completion ofthe full four
years’ requiremonts Including reek the, candidate recieves
tho dogreo of A. B.

PASAPS?

 

 

 

 

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS AND JACKETS, ““"otiubren’s NEW STOCK OF DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings
P. J. Young Dry Goods, Co., “ssn rarensox srs

When patronizing the stores advertised 1n our columns, please mention the Argo.

 

 
THE ARGO. Ill

ae ee. WILLIAMS

 

REAL ESTATE

 

384 GEORGE ST.,

NEW BRUNSWICK.

(Established 75 Years)

STEWART & CLAYTON

SOLE AGENTS

29
Young’s and Truly Warner Hats
FOWNES’ GLOVES, DRILL GLOVES, EVENING FURNISHINGS
Church Street, Opposite Dennis Street.

EERE REE EERE E

a
OS

KEELE LEE

pe

LIZA

 

~,

0. O. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Srerling Silver. Society Pins
Made to Order. Onrd Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.
Ss. ZIMMERMAN
BARBER

ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES
381 GEORGE ST.

NIFTY SHOES

—For—

YOUNG MEN

ee $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 .... .....

Gym and Sporting Shoes

Harding & Mansfield

9 Peace St. New Brunswick

John M. Arneil Geo. G. MacPherson

JET-WHITE STEAM AND HAND
LAUNDRY

First Class Work
Phone 47. 80 Church St.
New Brunswick, N. J.

E. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE sTREET,

 

New Brunswick, N. J,

 

 

“When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.

 

 
THE ARGO.

iv

RUTGERS PREP. SCHO

OL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AN

D GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY

DESCRIPTION.

380 GEORGE STREET,

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

SWEATERS, WZ
Yons & DARKER

TRACK suITS
£00T BALL GOODS

 

      
       

Good Stylish Clothes for Every Season.
Full Line of Furnishings.

Complete Custom Department.

Lyons & Parker

1 PATERSON BLOCK
New Brunswick, New Jersey

 

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. gy.

=RANDOLPH=
Foto-grafer,

Studio, 310 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students

College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and
Home Made Candies may be found at

mem lLINS

Phone 310 J. 71 Church St.

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
ere

 

VoL. XIX.

ARGO.

NEw Brunswick, N, J., Marcu, 1908.

No. 6

 

A HUNT FOR BURIED TREASURE

 

Nothing interests the mind, especially that
of the young, as much as buried and forgot-
ten treasure. A boy, anywhere from the age
of eight to eighteen is always awake when
a tale of hidden wealth is being told.

It was July in the summer of nineteen nun-
dred and six, when Monroe Elliot and Harri-
son Barlow, his room-mate at Weonah Aca-
demy were spending the summer with the
caretaker at Mr. Elliot’s summer home on the
Mohawk. The boys were seventeen years c:d
and had hopes for a fine time during the va-
cation. A canoe trip was shortly to be mad>
down the river to a large island about forty
miles away, where they were to have a camp.
Altogether the boys were in a very cheerful
state of mind. In the evenings they read and
the books were somewhat on the stylc of what
is known as the dime novel.

One evening Monroe, who was rummaging
in the attic in search of popcorn, came upon
a torn piece of paper. Holding it to the light
he read: “Twelve rods from the northwest
corner of the house between the shed and the
big oak. Be care—” here the paper was torn.
Monroe was excited and when he remember-
ed that the previous owner of the house was
a man whom nobody knew anything about
and who had had the reputation of being a
miser, his excitement was greatly augmentec.
Calling his chum, he showed him the paper
and led the way to the tool house. Here they
found a spade, pickaxe and field measure.
Monroe took the measure and marked off
twelve rods from the corner of the house.
Sure enough it landed between the shed and

the big oak. Overhead the stars shone and the
moon was peeping over the woods on the
other side of the river. Everywhere there
was quiet except for the hoarse croaking of
the bullfrogs down in the swamp. Quickly.
they started in to dig and nothing could be
heard for a minute or so, but the sound of
spade and pickaxe.

“T wonder how deep we will have to dig,”
said Harrison. “This is harder work than play-
ing on the eleven.”

“That is right and the mosquitoes seem to
have taken quite a fancy to us, too.”

“IT vote we stop for the night and begin in
the morning.”

“Well, I'll take one more whack with the
pickaxe first.” So he swung the pick which
did not plunge into soft earth, but rebounded
with a strange sound. Monroe quickly took
up the shovel and scraped the dirt off the ob-
ject on which his pick had struck. Taking
the lantern he examined it. The light showed
it to be a broad stone similar to a flagstone.
Harrison, who was looking at the edges sud-
denly exclaimed: “Look here! There is a
round masonery of brick underneath it.”

Monroe took the lantern and placed it where
it shone on the stone, then taking the pickaxe
he hit the stone again and again, but made
no impression. Then he stepped on the stone
and swung the axe. There was a sharp crack
and all was darkness.

Harrison running forward to light the lan-
tern stumbled and fell. At the same time he
heard a splashing of water. Suddenly he felt

 
60

a hand on his shoulder and a gruff voice said,
“What are you kids doing?”

For answer there came a yell as if from the
ground, “Wow, but it’s cold! Get me out eb

Mike, for it was the caretaker, who had
come up, reached down into the hole and felt
around.

“IT wonder how he happened to fall into
the cistern, I thought it was all covered up.
Go get a rope from the shed.”

Harrison got one and soon the dripping
Monroe was on “Mother Earth” once more.

“Now I want to know how you fell in
there?” said Mike.

THE ARGO.

“We thought it was buried treasure,” ex-
plained Monroe.

“Well, I guess all the buried treasure is the
pickaxe which you dropped down and I have
half a mind to throw you kids in the river. If
you would go to bed nights and stop reading
“Tom Jones, the Treasure Seeker,’ or ‘Cap-
tain Kidd of the Mississippi,’ ,ou would be
a good deal better off, it seems to me.”

“T guess I have had enough buried treas-
said Monroe, “And I too,” said Harri-

R. B. SRARLE.

(First Prize)

ure,”
son.

 

A COLONIAL CHRISTMAS

 

It was the year 1776. The cause of the
colonies seemed lost and the people were dis-
heartened. Washington had about five thou-
sand men while the British numbered many
more. ‘The Americans had been driven across
New Jersey into Philadelphia and their pur-
suers were close behind. All over the state the
greatest depression and fear reigned. Count-
less bands of outlaws marauded and robbed
the peaceful villagers.

Two boys, Russell Keith and Harry Mor-
ris were returning home from skating on the
Delaware River. They were about sixteen
years old and lived in a village a few miles
from Trenton. Though they had had a fine af-
ternoon’s sport both the boys seemed down-
cast. -

“If Washington does not do something
soon,” Russell was saying, “I am afraid all
will be lost.”

“If he only had money enough to pay the
troops. I hear the Maryland soldiers have
left.”

“And one week from to-day is Christmas.
My, but I wish I could join the army.”

“We are too young to be of any service now,

but in a few years we can fight,” replied Har-
ry, who had a brother in the ranks.

They soon parted with a “good night” and
“see you tomorrow.” The next day both were
up bright and early, for the chores must be
done before there was any skating. The next
two days passed quickly by. It was bitterly
cold and the river itself would soon freeze
over. Great cakes of ice floaed down the
Delaware.

On the night of the twenty-third as Rus-
sell was reading in his room, a horseman
dashed up to the house and stopped. Russell,
thinking it might be his father, who was in
Callon’s horse, opened the door. He was sur-
prised to see a man lying on his horse’s neck.
Running out he helped the horseman dis-
mount and come into the hous>. Once inside
the man sank heavily into a chair. Keith
called his mother and after bandaging the
man’s shoulder which was bleeding freely,
she asked him who he was.

Holding out a paper he replied, “I am Har-
old Green, of Washington’s urmy and am car-
tying dispatches from Washington to Read.
They are very important and must be sent
THE ARGO 61

through. I was shot by a British picket back
along the road. They must be sent on.”

Russell then spoke: “I will take them and
soon be back. Look for me tomorrow morn-
ing.”

The man answered, “Well boy, I wish there
was some one beside yourself to send. Look
out for the pickets and don’t lose the papers.”

Russell ran out and taking the man’s horse
to the barn he saddled Nellie, his own pet.
Soon they were bounding along the road, He
knew Read’s camp was about ten miles away.
On and on they went. The black horse, the
young boy, and the trees seemed alone in the
night. Overhead the stars twinkled and the
moon shone. Everything seemed to wish him
well. Suddenly just before him rose up an
English picket. “Halt, who comes here?” But
Russell could not halt if he had wished to. On
he went. He heard a report behind him, his
cap was liften from his head and again he
was alone in the night. Nels was growing
tired, but they were almost there. A light
shone out ahead. “Halt, who comes here?”
This time he stopped and gasped, “Is this
General Reed’s camp?” “Yes.” “I want to
see the general.” “Why it’s nothing but a
boy. Call the guard.”

The guard soon came and he was led to
Ceneral Reed’s quarters. Bursting into the
room he said: “General Reed, here are some
dispatches from General Washington and they
are very important.” ‘The general hastily
took them and read them through. Then he
Icoked up and said with a smile, “How did
you happen to get these?” Russell told him
the whole story and then an orderly took him
to bed. The next day he returned home with-
out accident.

On Christmas day he rode Nellie into Tren-
ton. As he came down the streets not a Red-
coat was to be seen, but he did see some men
who he thought were Continentals. A sharp
turn and he caught his breath. An encamp-

~ ment lay before him and the soldiers he saw

were those of the colonies. Just then a group

of officers passed him. Otie stopped and said
“Are you not the boy who brought the dis-
patches to me the other night?”

Russell looked up and saw that it was
General Reed. “Yes,” he said.

“Well, I wish you would come with me a
few minutes,” said that officer.

He led Russell to a large tent and both dis-
mounted. Then they went into the tent. Here
Was a man bending over a table at the farther
end of the room. General Reed stopped.
“Well Reed, what is it?” said the man.

“General Washington, this is Russell
Keith, who brought the dispatches to me the
other day.”

Russell was dumbfounded. General Wash-
ington, the hero and idol of the people! After
a few words they left. Russell soon learned
the story how Washington had crossed the
Delaware. joined Reed and had almost anni-
hilated the Hessians in Trenton. He rode
home at a gallop. Dashing into the house, he
shouted “Washington has captured Trenton,
beaten the English and I have met him.’ Some
years later Russell was known as Colonel
Keith of the 22nd New Jersey.”

R. B. SEARLE.

MEETING QF THE A. A.

The spring meeting of the Athletic Asso-
ciation was held at recess on February twen-
ty sixth. Ziegler was elected manager of the
base ball team and Gross was elected man-
ager of the track team. A committee con-
sisting of Mr. Hall, Smith, Nelson and Joyce
was appointed to consider the question of giv-
ing players on the basket ball team the R. P.,
and to report at a later meeting.

Small Boy—“Auntie, did God make both
you and me?”

Auntie— Yes, dear.”

Small Boy— He’s doing better work than
he used to: isn’t he, auntie ?”—Cardinal.

 

 
 

THE ARGO.

62

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
HEWETTE E. JOYCE,
Editor-in-Chief.
ANNA P, SCOTT, Alumni Notes.

ALAN D, CAMPBELL, JR.
EVELYN V. S. KNOX,
FLOYD B. OLCOT’?,
THURLOW C. NELSON,
C. VAN SANTVOORD KNOX, | News
FREDERICK UW. SMITH, '
W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
MARGARET R, DALY, Annex.

J. FP. MeGOVERN,
VIVIAN C. ROSS,

     

 

| Literary Editors.

{ Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 45 cents.
All communications should be addressed to the Editor in-
Chief, R. P. S.. New Brunswick. N. J., and must be

accompanied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are must

cordially iuvited to contribute.

The members of the Argo staff are pleas-
ed to extend their congratulations to R. B.
Searle, the winner of the prize offered for
the best story handed in. The contest has
been very successful. It has shown ‘that
there are others in school who can write be-
side the members of the Argo board. We hope
that the Argo boards next year and in the
future will follow cur example, and offer a
rize each year. It is a contest in which all
can take part, and it ought to encourage every
one to improve his writing ability. The prize
story can be found in this number. Others of
the stories handed in will be published later

in the year.

We have a right to be proud of our basket
ball team. Considering the fact that this is
the first year that this game has had any prom-
inence in school the team has certainly done
well. We have scored nearly four hundred
points so far. The players have improved
steadily in team work and also in shooting,
It is to be hoped that basket ball has come to

stay, and that the Prep. teams will continue

as they have begun.
IE nie

The baseball season is fast approaching,
We hope to have as good a team as we had
last year and if possible a better one. To have
a successful season it is absolutely necessary
to have money. ‘This means that everyone in
school should help towards the expense by
joining the athletic association. The dues are
small enough, so that everyone can easily help

the team along.

 

Mr. Editor-in-Chief :

Dear Sir :—I have had the pleasure of read-
ing each copy of the Argo published this
school year, and I have been very much im-
pressed with the paper, but I do think, if
you will allow me to make a comment, that a
short piece of poetry would add a great deal
to it; therefore I have submitted one to you,
which [ would like to see in the next number
of the Argo.

Yours truly,
Mr: X. Ys Z.

P. S—This poem is purely my own work.

 

Although we thank you for your kindness
in writing and sending us your poem, we
must call your attention to a statement print-
ed in each Argo just before the editorials.
This says that all communications must be ac-
companied by the name of the author. There-
fore, Mr. X. Y. Z., we cannot publish your
poem unless you make your name known to
the Argo board. Editor-in-Chief.

   
THE ARGO

LEADERS OF SCIENCE.
Archimedes.

Archimedes, the greatest mathematician
and scientist of ancient times, was born at
Syracuse in Sicily about 287 B. C. When a
boy he went to Alexandria, where he received
his education at the royal school of the Ptole-
mies where Euclid had studied some fifty
years before. When he returned home, he de-
voted himself to the study of geometry and
greatly advanced the work that Euclid had
begun. He was the first to establish engineer-

ing on a sound mathematical basis.

At this time Hiero was King of Syracuse
and soon became a firm friend of the wise
scholar, whose inventions were of the great-
est use to him in time of war. Archimedes
is best known as the inventor of ingenious
machines and appliances, though many of the
stories about these are probably untrue. He
made for Hiero many engines of war which
greatly terrified the Romans and helped to
prolong the siege of Syracuse. There is a
story that he set the Roman ships on fire by
means of a burning mirror, operated on the
same plan as a common sunglass, but this
story had been discredited because none of
the ancient writers mention it. However,
Buffon has showed that mirrors may be made
to burn at a considerable distance, and it is
very likely that Archimedes did make such a
contrivance, though its connection with the
Roman fleet is very doubtful.

Archimedes’ greatest researches were in the
line of hydraulics as some of his inventions
are in use today. Hiero is said to have had him
to determine whether the man who made his
royal crown had used pure gold, or had mix-
ed in alloys. This puzzled the scientist for a
long time, till one day as he was getting into
a bath he noticed that the water rose in pro-
portion to the bulk of the object immersed in
it. It suddenly occurred to him that the puri-
ty of the gold crown could be tested in the
same way. Jumping from the water he rush-
ed home, and taking a lump of pure gold equal

oe

63

in weight to the crown he put them both in
water. As gold was the heaviest metal known
at that time it could be easily seen whether
the crown had been adulterated or not. From
this experiment he founded the theory known
in all Physics books as Archimedes’ Principle.

Of his mechanical inventions the water
screw is perhaps the most important and it
still bears his name. ‘This
of a long cylinder in which a long screw re-
volves bringing up the water. The action is the
same as that of an ordinary gimlet in boring
a hole in wood. King Hiero had built a large
~ship, the hold of which had filled with water.
As baling was not rapid enough, Archimedes
invented the water screw for the purpose of
clearing the hold. His idea of the strength
of the lever is shown by his words, “give me
a fulcrum on which to rest, and I will move
the world.”

The life of this great man ended with the
capture of Syracuse by Marcellus in 212 B. C.
In the general massacre which followed, Ar-
chimedes was killed while drawing a figure
‘on the sand. Marcellus was not to blame fo.
this as he had given orders to spare the
scientist and all his family.

The general was deeply grieved over the
accident and ordered an honourable funeral
for him. According to the philosopher’s last
wish, a sphere inscribed in a cylinder was en-
graved on his tombstone. Cicero is said to
have found this memorial while on a visit to
Sicily.

Of the many writings of this great man
only a few now exist, such as the geometrical
relations between the sphere and cylinder, and
the measure of the circle.

machine consists

SciEntTIFIC, ’o8.

 

THE BASKET BALL SEASON.
The basket ball season is over. Our team
was one of the most successful that this school
has ever turned out in any branch of sports.
The success is of more credit because of the
fact that this has been the first year that our

‘

 
 

THE ARGO.

64

en represefited by a basket ball
team. Three reasons may be mentioned that
made such a good team possible : First—We
had in Mr. Hall, a good coach who could and
did get the most out of a fellow that was in
him. Second—Captain Smith knew the game
thoroughly, the fellows responded when he

“called for practice, and he gave every one a
fair try for the team, stimulating in them
a desire to do their best. Third—The fellows
themselves did all in their power to help
make the team a success, they were unselfish
when it came to shooting baskets and en-
couraged team work. They came regularly to
practicé, thus helping the coach and captain by
not have to coax them. It is to these three
circumstances that the school owes so success-
ful a season.

It was impossible for us to get the teams
here that we desired, as they had their sche-
dules made out before the beginning of
the season, a thing which we did not do, as
we did not know for certain, until too late, that
we were going to have a basket ball team.

In the first game we met our first and on-
ly defeat, at the hands of the K. O. K. A. team
of this city by a score of 30-20. This instead
of discouraging the fellows, made all work
harder with good results, for on the next Fri-
day, January 22, after a snappy game, we de-
feated the Red Bank Y. M. C. A. by a score
of 35-24. Better team work was shown than
in the previous game. On January 31st, we
gained an easy victory over the Perth Am-
boy High school team by a score of 83-13. On
February 4th, we journeyed to Rahway and
administered to the High school there one of
the worst defeats they have suffered on their
cwn floor in two years. The score was 49-14.

Under considerable disadvantages of a
slippery floor and an unknown court, our
tezm on February rith, met the Hudson
River Military Academy on their court and
defeated them handily by a score of 62-17.
Cur team as a whole played excellently to-

Ten days later we played on om

school has be

gether.

 

own court the Paterson High School quintet
and after a game marked by brilliant shoot.
ing and excellent team work we defeated
them 54-6. The game was supposed to be
our hardest, but our boys were at their best
and played around their opponents easily. On
February 28th we defeated in a rough game
Rutgers College second team by a score of
47-7. March 4th closed our season when we
won again from Rutgers College second
team by a score of 36-16. We were disap-
pointed in our scheduled team not appearing
and so had to play the same team twice.

Our team scored a total of 386 points to
128 of their opponents, won 7 out of thei
8 games and have a percentage of 875, which
is a good showing for the first year.

 

 

ALUMNI NOTES.

’or, Louis Bevier, 3rd, is studying law at
Columbia University.

’o2, J. H. Murphy holds services in the
Reformed Church at Waldwick, N. J. He
is also studying at the Theological Seminary
of this city.

’o4, Miss Alice Conger is studying physi-
cal culture at Elmira.

’03, M. Verdi is chosen as one of a com-
mittee to procure a portrait of Professor N.
S. Shaler, which is to be hung in the living
room of the Harvard Union.

’o5, Devan is one of the three students who
won the recent debate against Delaware.

’o5, Potter is an associate editor of the
Targum board.

‘06, Garthwaite was at the Rutgers Junior
Promenade at the Ballantine Gymnasium on
Thursday, February the twentieth.

Ex-’10, R. Johnson is at his home on Col-
lege avenue, New Brunswick.

THE TAU PHI AND
BETA PHI DANC£
On St. Valentine’s day the two fraternities,
Tau Phi and Beta Phi gave their annual dance
at the Trap. The Trap was beautifully de-
 

“HE ARGO

corated with evergreens and long strings of
hearts. The refreshments were heart shaped,
and the dance orders also made everyone re-
member what day it was. Dancing was be-
gun about half past eight and continued un-
til one o'clock. ‘The dance order consisted
of twenty dances and four extras.

Among the most enjoyable of the dances
were the barn dances. This is the first time
that the barn dance has been danced at the
Trap, but it was such a success that it will
probably become a regular thing hereafter,
The Messrs. Hart furnished the music. All
agreed that the dance in every way was a
great success, and the committee were hearti-
ly thanked for the pleasure given to so many
people. The patronesses were Mrs. Eliot R.
Payson, Miss N. Demarest, Mrs. E. B. Joyce,
Mrs. D. Lowber Smith. The committee
consisted of E. J. Williams, H. E. Joyce, H.
Ziegler, J. T. McGovern, R. A. Smith and
T. C. Nelson.

RUTGERS PREP. vs.
FINDERNE MILITARY ACADEMY
On February twelfth, the basketball team
went to Finderne, and won an easy victory
over the Finderne Military Academy. All the
Prep. players played a very good game. Wil-
liams did the best shooting. He secured six-
teen baskets. The final score was Rutgers
Prep., 62, Finderne Military Academy, 17.
The Prep. line-up was Smith, (capt.) and
Ziegler, forwards; Williams, centre; Gross,
(Watson), and Todd (Helm), guards.

RUTGERS PREP vs.
PATERSON HIGH SCHOOL
On February twenty-first the Prep. basket-
ball team met and defeated the fast team of
Paterson High school. ‘The ball was mostly
in our hands but when it did fall into the op-
ponents hands they did some fast team work,
but our men would soon regain the ball. Wil-
lias made twenty-six of the points. The
score at the end of the first half was 2-27.

 

65
The final score was 6-54. The line-up was as
follows:
P. H. S. R.-€x PS;
Right Forward.
MA ATS) iochecsnd Semen sateen. Smith, (Capt.)
Left Forward.
DAViSi in ice eee oy et Ziegler
Centre.
GMIEY panies wo oes weenie: Williams
Right Guard
MSEC ALE Gia a.cte as caseravatd x odeten 44 nie Todd
Left Forward.
Hoffman (Mirandon) .............. Gross

RUTGERS PREP. vs.
COLLEGE SCRUB
On February twenty-eighth we played a pre-
liminary for the college with a Rutger’s scrub
and won by a score of 37-8. The college play-
ed Swarthmore and lost. Prep. showed im-
provement in team work and did some good
shooting. Williams played the best game for
Prep., and Fulton did the best work for the
Scrub. The points were scored as follows:
Field goals, Smith, (capt.,) 2, Williams 10,
Todd 4, Gross 2, Fulton 2, Corbin 1; goals
from fouls, Smith 1, Fausett 2. The line-up
was:

Forward.

ACG tates tne) 055 Sache eiereifoieie are, siejerelsiesahe Fulton
Forward.

Smithy S1(Gapty)! 25. <cseitie-e «, euesessvene eine Fausett
Centre.

Walliamist si. 6 secs 5 steterneie sie Corbin, (capt.)
Guard:

Voddieetigich cc haaite tented eese sc Smith
Guard.

Gross QWiatsOn) 2.50 \ cies cease Scudder

BASE BALL SCHEDULE FOR 1908.

April 11—Montclair High School, at New
Brunswick.

April 18—Drake College, at New Bruns-
wick.

April 25—Paterson High, at Paterson.

May 2—Trenton High, at Trenton.

 

 
THE ARGO.

66°"

rmal, at Trenton.

May 9—Trenton No eat

May 16—Newark High at New
wick.
May 23—Plainfield High, at New Bruns-
wick. :
May 30—Hackley School, at Tarrytown.
June 6—Battin High at New Brunswick,
J. H. Ziecier, Manager.

 

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with hearty thanks
the following list of exchanges: The Advo-
cate, Caracas Sport, (Caracas, Venezuela),
Cardinal, Commerce Caravel (2), Cutler
Fortnightly, Echo, Erasmian, Hasbrouck
Sphinx, High .School Recorder, Legenda,
Magpie, Mirror (Moravian Seminary,) Mir-
ror, (West Hoboken High School), Mercers-
burg News, Poly Prep. Magazine, Polytech-
nic, Quill, Red and White, Searchlight, Shu-
cis, Sunnyside, Swarthmore, School Quarter-
ly, Targum, Tome, Trident, Vail-Deane Bud-
get, Valkyrie, West Jersey Acadamian.

“Old Neptune,’ a poem in the Trident,
(Neptune High School, Ocean Grove, N. J.)
is very original and cunning; well the erec-
tion of its High School by the briny deep, is
pictured. A more lengthy literary depart-
ment would much more raise its fame.
“Notes” of every kind ought to be kept; but
it takes an artist to write a story.

The Rogues’ Gallery for 1908 in “The Com-
merce Caravel” is very interesting; at a
glance, the characters in full of the ’08 men
are painted and written before us.

“Advocate” thine attempts have not been
in vain.

“The Mirror,” (West Hoboken High
School), keep on the good work, although
your strength is slight, you struck the nail on
the head.

S. P. S. Quarterly, your paper has attained
an excellent renown; but if in English there

were a “more excellent renown,” you coulg
rise to that by lengthening your stories.
Once again “Magpie” we are pleased to

meet you.
Our Reflections.

The Argo comes to us for the first time.
Why not bring the exchange department up
to the rest of the magazine? Stuck down a-
mong the advertisements is a list of the names
of the exchanges—not a single comment, not
even a joke. A few cuts would improve the
appearance of the magazine.—S. P. S. Quar-
terly.

You have the right idea of how a paper
should look Argo, but your paper seems rath-
er short and devoid of jokes, grinds or any-
thing of that sort. Our sympathy is yours if
your school has no vein of humor.

Mistress—‘“Jane, I saw the milkman kiss
you this morning. In future I shall bring in
the milk.”

Jane—“’Twouldn’t be no use, mum. He's
promised never to kiss anybody but me.’’—
Tome.

‘Must I take a ticket for a puppy?” “No,
you can travel as an ordinary passenger.” —
Legenda.

Student—“Prof., I don’t think I desérve an
absolute zero for that recitation.”
. Prof—‘“Neither do I, but it’s the lowest
mark I can give.”—Polytechnic.

Student, (reading Virgil) “and thrice I
tried to throw my arms around her—that
was as far as I got, Professor.”

Professor—‘That was quite far enough;
you may sit down.”’—Trident.

 

ANNEX NOTES.
Joan of Are.
England and France were at war. The

English were working their way through
France and taking province after province.
 

THE ARGO

They had taken the city of Rheims which
was the proper place for a French king to
receive his crown. This prevented the Dau-
phin Charles from being crowned.

In one corner of this sunny country, there
lived a young girl. Her face was very white
and she had deep hollows under her eyes for
she had wept much for the sorrows of
France. Joan prayed long and earnestly for
the freedom of France.

One day when she was walking in the
woods—a girl of thirteen—she knelt to pray.
She saw a white light before her and 7
voice said, ‘Lead the Army of France, I will
be your help.”

She went home and told her father and
mother of the commands laid on her.

Joan’s father said that he would rather kill
her with his own hands than have her mingle
with the rough, wicked soldiers of France.
Joan stayed at home until she was eighteen
years of age.

Then a new danger was at hand. The Eng-
lish were closing around the city of Orleans.

If it should be taken, another French prov-
ince would be England’s.

Pierre Van Dyck.

Joan of Are.

When Joan was eighteen years old she said
to her parents, “I love my home and my fam-
ily, but if you could hear my heart beat,
the sound. would say nothing but “France,
France, France, France!”

Still the voices kept on urging her to go
to war.

“How can I go? I do not know anything
about arms,” said Joan.

“The saints will aid you,” said the voices,
“Go, Go.”

At last a captain of the royal troops took
Joan into the presence of the Dauphin. Her
pure white face made everybody believe what
she said about the voices.

After many delays, a day came when Joan,

67

R. Montalvo, Jr.

ELLS

PALDING’S GOODS
PORTING

ALSO
SHEET MUSIC
At New York Prices
Strings For All Musical Instruments

$1.00 DOWN

SECURES AN
EDISON PHONOGRAPH, VICTOR
TALKING MACHINE

Violin, Mandolin, Guitar or Banjo

R MONTALVO, Jr.

209 Neilson St. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

The Landsberg Store

1, 2, 3 and 4 King Block.
New Brunswick’s only Department
Store, including Full Line of

MEN’S FURNISHINGS.

}
}

—
 

THE ARGO.

68

e armor, mounted on a

dressed in complet
n which

white horse, and carrying a banner 0
was written ‘In the Name of God,” rode away
atthe head of the French army, to raise the

siege of Orleans.
FLORENCE SPEYERS.

 

Joan of Arc.

Before six months were over Joan had
rescued Orleans, crowned the king at Rheims
and driven the English out of every town
south of Paris. Just as she knew victory was
hers, the tide turned. A false friend influenc-
ed the king to advise a retreat. A retreat was
ordered and Joan had to turn toward the
south. ‘There she was captured by some
Frenchmen who were enemies of the king.
They sold her to the English.

The English considered her a witch. Some
of the soldiers said that when she came rid-
ing toward them on a white horse in gleaming
armor, they could not stand up before her. She
was burned at the market place in Rouen.

Burry BALDWIN.

John P. Wall

ea
.HIGH GRADE TAILORING..

 

15Church St.

New Brunswick
N. J.

Special
Discount
To Students

 

 

 

Raincoats,

 

 

Young Men's tastes and Young Men’s figures are
studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits, . . $12 to $40
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

- ee, $15 to $35

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters.

JACOB REED’S SONS
1424-1426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia
EAE RE ES PS

piss Wi ae Med SNe ci
——-.
THE ARGO, Vv

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

=~ 420 George street —_——_

ee

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder

, Soap, Combs, Brushes
Soda and Milk Shakes.

 

LOUIS LEITHEISER, GOTO ows.
air Dresser SEIFFERT BROS.,
Barber and 2 For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St,

Sporting Goods.

New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 Dennis Srreet,

 

RUTGERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

 

 

 

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station

68 and 70 Albany St.
oo aoe

When patronizing the stores advertised in

 
  

———_+-~,,

aT Ta Se

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

 

 

 

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A.M., Ph.D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ROBERT E. LEWIS, A.B., Vice Principal, English and History.
CLINTON B. WILBUR, A.B., Greek, English, French.
CHARLES E. HALL, A.B., Mathematics.
H. HARRISON AVERILL, A.B., Science Master.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Se.M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A.B., German.
' MISS HELEN SEARLE, A.B. Latin.

 

| Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.
MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL.
MISS ADELINE L. TOWER,
Instructors.

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 
