 

 

     

GAUDIUM

pea eee
=
WES |e 5
oe on ee)
ae i
° e°
e

THE ARGO.

SENIOR NUMBER |

May-June

VOLUME XIX NUMBER EIGHT

 

 
ame Th,

 

v

THE ARGO.
il

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific Schoo}
———S OO

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT

Is Broad and Thorough
and by arevison and enlargementof the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT,
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the is the New Jersoy State College for the benef of sii
Junior and Senior years,in Latin, Greek, French, ture and the Mechanic Arts.
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, n this Department there are ei,

1 ight full courses each
History, Political Science, Philosophy, eat

. A Course in Agriculture.

Physics, Chemistry and Biology. A Course in Civil Engineering.
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
. A Course in Biology.
. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics,

A Course in Mechanical Engineerin g.
A Course in General Science.
On the completion of the full four years’ requirements | Anda short course of two years in Ceramics which does
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for | not lead toa degree.

Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt. Bor gatalo Race and o ther information, address IRVING
W.

. H. 8. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., President.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

201 NEILSON ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOR PRINTING

Of Every Description.

BVUCTAr KB,

JEWELER -
Mee ee Corner of Church and Neilson Streets,

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS AND JACKETS, "“*ciizDRnn’s ““’ «NEW sock oF DRESS GOODS SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorin gs

P. J: Young Dry Goods, Co., CORNER OF GEORGE

AND PATERSON STS.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four

years’ requirements including Greek the, candidate recieves
the degree of A. B.

DAMOUR oN

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
THE ARGO. Ill

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

REAL ESTATE
384 GEORGE ST.. NEW BRUNSWICK.

(Established 75 Years)

STEWART & CLAYTON

SOLE AGENTS

29
Young’s and Truly Warner Hats
FOWNES’ GLOVES, DRILL GLOVES, EVENING FURNISHINGS
Church Street, Opposite Dennis Street.

NIFTY SHOES

—FOR—

YOUNG MEN

sue ae Se $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 .... .....

 

EEE RR EE

Gym and Sporting Shoes

Harding & Mansfield

9 Peace St. New Brunswick

ane
ASK

CEE

oR

 

oe

a

O. O. STILLMAN, John M. Arneil Geo. G. MacPherson
; JET-WHITE STEAM AND HAND
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN. LAUNDRY

First Class Work

Diamonds, Watches and Sierling Silver. Society Pins

 

 

 

 

Made to Order. reat Somes and Wedding Phone 47. 80 Church St.
133 ALBANY STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.
Ss. ZIMMERMAN EE. VOLEKERT,
BARBER Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES 359 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE Site New Brunswick, N. J,
~~" atronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo. —
THE ARGO.

IV

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

 

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

380 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

   
    

JERSEYs,
SWEATERS,

  

Good Stylish Clothes for Every Season.
Full Line of Furnishings.
Complete Custom Department.

Lyons & Parker
1 PATERSON BLOCK

New Brunswick, New Jersey

 

=RANDOLPA=

F oto-grafer

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students

College Snaps
We Make A Special Little
Picture
CALL and SEE US.

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and
Home Made Candies may be found at

BR Ui

Phone 310 J. 71 Church St.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
“IOOHOS AUOLVUVdAUd SUADLAU

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

(ane NiSvese er

 

 

VoL. XIX.

New Brunswick, N. J., MAY—JuNE, 1908.

OVER THE CLIFF.

 

The logs of a great camp-fire were crack-
ling and blazing merrily, and as the bright
flames leaped high, they lighted up the faces
of a dozen boys, sitting on their blankets, tell-
ing stories. When the fire had burned low,
Theodore Ketchem jumped up and threw
fresh fuel on the red embers. As he turned
to take his place once more, he saw a figure
in the shadow of a tree nearby.

“No eaves-dropping allowed,” ‘Theodore
shouted. “Come back there, Mr. Thompson!
I saw you! You've got to pay for this. Quick
boys! He’s running away!”

“Catch me if you can,” shouted Mr. Thomp-
son, one of the teachers who accompanied the
boys on their annual camping trip. A hot
chase followed through the under-brush; but
twelve against one were too many, and th:
boys soon returned in triumph with the cap-
tured Mr. Thompsen.

“Now you’ve got tc tell us a story,” com-
manded Theodore, who was a leader among
the boys.

“Why?” demanded the captive, smiling.

“Because you eaves-dropped,” answered one
of the younger boys, severely.

“Well, I suppose there’s no escape, so I will
tell you one if vou give me a few minutes to
think. I’m afraid you’ve heard every one of
my stories. But no,” he said, after a pause,
“there’s one I never toid any of you.”

The boys settled comfortably near him, de-
lighted to know that they were to hear a really
new adventure.

“The week after I graduated from my pre-
paratory school in England, a professor there

asked me to help him during the summer in
collecting birds’ eggs. I was very much in-
terested in such collections, and so I jumped
at the chance, hoping, too, that I might have
some exciting adventures.

“As time went on, our collection grew but
my visions of adventure were fast shrinking,
for nothing had happened and only two wecks
remained before my entering Cambridge.

“Our last hunting ground was reached-—the
cliffs along the sea. Cne morning I stood on
the cliff about three hundred feet above the
sea, which beat on the jagged rocks far below.
The Professor, followed by a strong young
man carrying some 1opes, soon stood beside
me.

““Are you afraid?’ asked the Professor, 1s
he saw me peering over the edge.

“No, sir,’ I answered, ‘I was just wonder-
ing how much the ciff overhung.

“<Not much, I guess,’ he said. “You will be
all right. Just swing a little to reach the ledg-
es. You can do it! I’ve seen you do harder
things that that in the gym. Are you ready?’

“One end of the rope was tied around a
stunted tree near-by, and a tight noose was
made in the other end. I put my foot in the
noose and slowly went down, down, down, as
the two men carefully lowered me. If I
wanted to stop, ' was to jerk a small rope
once, and twice, if they were to pull me up
again, for the roaring of the waves was so
great that a shout from below could not have
been heard.

“The top of the cliff projected more than [
had imagined, and a Jong swing would be ne-

 

 

 

 

 
THE ARGO.

82

cessary to bring me to the ledges. The birds
were started by my sudden appearance and
darted frantically to and fro.

“T gave the rope a jerk and then began ‘o
swing. Nearer and nearer I came to the cliff
and at last I was directly over a wide ledge.
I gave a whistle of delight, for before me was
a nest of the very eggs for which I was hunt-
ing. I dropped and landed safely. As I reach-
ed for the eggs, something suddenly brushed
against my arm. | jooked, and to my horror
I saw the rope, which J had let go in my ex-
citement, swinging away from me.

“The situation flashed across my mind. I
was standing on a ledge at least two hundre‘l
feet above the sea, with no means of climbing
up or down, or of inaking my fate known to
those above ine. ‘The rope was now swinging
back toward me, and. in a flash, I realized
what I must do.

“Never again would it be nearer to me. I
planted my feet firmly on the rocks and then

ran a step or two along the ledge and jumped!
I dared not look down, but kept my eyes on
the rope. My fingers clutched for it, slipped
and caught the very end. For an instant I fel;
safe, but almost immediately I realized that
the rope was rushing downward, but suddenly
it stopped with such « jerk that I almost lost
my grasp.

“The two men had been completely unpre-
pared for the unexpected strain on the rope,
and it was only tue little stunted tree that
saved my life. I was drawn up safely, while
the birds still screamed and circled about me,
but I was so weaix that J could not have harm-
ed them if I had wished.

“The Professor was disappointed that I had
no eggs, and was anxivus to have me go down
again the next day, but nothing would in-
duce me to go. Since then I have never want-
ed ot see those English cliffs again.”

‘08.

 

THE MONKEY AND THE BOY..

 

“Daddy, if you ever have another boy you'll
teach him fiscal culture (physical culture’,
won't you?” asked iittle Henry of me.

“Yes, Henry, of course I will. Then he’l!
thrash you and make you afraid of him.”

“T ain’t afraid of man or beast, lion or chick-
en, live or dead. So there! Lay on, John
Bull!” And on he came at me with his hands,
covered by boxing gloves of course, in a most
threatening position. I was taken so by sur-
prise that I struck a little harder than I usu-
ally do when having a bout with him. He
tottered back with an accusing “Aw, Daddy!”
and fell over. His head struck the floor in
spite of all his efforts to shield it. In a mom-
ent I had a limp form in my arms instead of
that strong, active boy. A telephone message
brought our doctor in half an hour.

“No harm done,’ he said, “but let me tell
you, Arthur McDowell, you must stop that
boxing business until the boy is older! You
will hurt him seriousiy some day. As it is,
you have made hiin too fearless already. Look
out, or he’ll break his head while doing some
dare-devil feat.”

“Yes,” I answered, ‘he knows too well how
strong he is. Put sow that I have trained
him up an athletic youngster, somebody must
master him in a fair contest. Not a boy a-
round can stand up against him in wrestling,
boxing, or—or any thirg.”

“This fall will cure his excessive courage
and make him have sensible fear, hereafter.
You mark my words!”

The doctor for once was mistaken. In a
day the fright from the accident had all evap-

 

 
 

 

 

THE STAFF OF THE ARGO.

 
 

THE ARGO. 8s

orated from the child’s mind; and his courage
burned hotter than before. Letters of com-
plaint began again to pour in from parents
whose sons had black eyes or stiff limbs from
the drubbings my boy had given them.

One evening, when I came home from New
York, I found my wife in tears, yet a little
joyful. This seemed a strange state. I ask-
ed her to explain it. Henry, she said, had
gone into the pantry to eat an orange on the
sly—I won’t say to steal it. He mounted a
chair and took an orange down from the shelf.
Then he found a knife, and, having success-
fully opened the fruit, he sucked its juice. It
was a lemon! Quickly he took another piece
of fruit—a real orange this time—to soothe
his poor puckered mouth and throat. The
knife slipped and cut his left hand. Just then
his mother called him to come and dress to go
driving. Not a sound from pain did he utter,
although, in his haste to come down from the
chair, he upset a salt cellar upon the open
wound. Certainly that boy had too much for-
titude.

My. wife was a little joyful, she said, be-
cause she believed that some of his courage
would flow out along with the blood, and this
accident would save him from worse harm by
making him careful. She was right—for a
week, ‘Then in the first mail on the next Mon-
day came a note full of meaning.

“Dear Mrs. MacDowell :—

“Your son has knocked out one of my son’s
teeth and has in other ways bruised him se-
verely. It may be that my son started the
quarrel. However, please punish your son
until you break him of that habit. Otherwise
I shall have to do something myself, such as
having a policeman take him in charge for
fighting on the streets, or such as bringing a
suit for damages. The latter would be very
easy because my husband is an expert lawyer.

Yours truly,
Amelia Brown.”

You may be sure that Henry did not go to
school that day; rather he stayed in bed from
breakfast till bed-time. He was not sick in

 

body. No, but naughtiness is a malady that
we parents think best cured by a quiet rest of
many, many hours and a little dieting on bread
and water or milk. When his bowl of bread
and milk without sugar was brought to Henry
at dinner time, he took it without thanks ; and,
as soon as he was alone, he threw it, bowl and
all, out through the open window. Then he
leaned out to have the pleasure of seeing it
land. It landed. Our house is on a street
corner. An Italian hand-organ grinder hap-
pened to be playing just then below our win-
dows to a throng of happy children. First the
spoon, then the milk, then the bread, and then
the bowl came down and lodged on his head.
With a howl of surprise he looked up to see
who had done it, his eyes half blinded with
milk. He shook his fist at Henry and threat-
ed him terribly in Italian. His monkey, how-
ever, gave a squeal of delight and fell to work
lapping the milk off its master’s face and cap.
Then it looked up to see the giver of this feast
and threw Henry a graceful kiss with its tiny
paw as it had been taught.

My wife had to give the Italian five dollars
before his wrath was appeased. Even then
the trouble with him was not over for us. The
rest, however, I will tell in Henry’s words. He
came running into my den one evening and
cried, “Oh Daddy, at last I’m afraid. You
know that horrid organ-grinder I throwed my
bread and milk on. I met him to-day as
some of the fellows and I were coming home
from picking strawberries. I pointed him out
to the fellows; and we all couldn’t help, but
laughed out loud about how he looked when
I throwed him that milk. O-oh he was mad
when he saw us laughing and looking at him:
He stopped; and, before you could say ‘John
Bull,’ he had me by the collar and held up his
hand to punch me in the face. You bet I nol-
lered and kicked! I tried the guard, you
taught me, too, but—but he didn’t have gloves
on, of course. And, Daddy, I—I guess men’s
hands are stronger and harder than mine. But

 

CONTINUED ON PAGE NINETY-ONE

 

 

 
The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
HEWETTE BW. JOYCE,
Editor-in-Chief.
ANNA P, SCOTT, Alumni Notes.

ALAN D, CAMPBELL, JR.
EVELYN VY. 8. KNOX,
FLOYD B. OLCOT?,
THURLOW C. NELSON,
Cc. VAN SANTVOORD KNOX, { News
_FREDERICK H. SMITH,
W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
MARGARET R, DALY, Annex.

J. F. McGOVERN,
VIVIAN C. ROSS,

Literary Editors.

 

\ Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied With the name of the author. _

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

With this number of the Argo, the present
staff ends its work. The Argo board has
tried hard not only to keep up to the stand-
ard set by former boards, but also to raise our
standard even higher. We know that our
school paper might be improved in many
ways, but something must be left for the Argo
boards of the future to do. So we wish the
Argo staff of 1908-1909 all success, and hope
that they may surpass the efforts of this year’s
board.

The school days for the class of 1908 are
almost over. On June the tenth a fine class
of young men and women go out from Rut-

THE ARGO.

gers Prep. not to return, except as alumni,
The school may be proud of the class of 1908,
for they have done their work well. In look-
ing back over our years at school we can easily
think of many things we have failed to do, ei
might have done better, but still we have been
pretty successful. Now we must soon separ-
ate, most of us to go to college, but may we
always be true to Rutgers Prep. and the
class of 1908!

 

‘The class of 1909 now has the honor of be-
ing the Senior Class. This means an added
responsibility. As Seniors they must set a
good example to the rest of the school. Good
luck to them, and to the dear old Prep.!

This commencement closes Dr. Paysons
last year as Headmaster. For seventeen years

he has presided over the school, always work-
ing for its improvement. The Senior class
thanks him for all he has done for them, and
wish him all success as professor in Rutgers.

ALUMNI NOTES.

Ex~’o3 Arthur Carpender will graduate
from the Naval Academy at Annapolis this
year.

‘o4, Hageman won the Bussing Prize for
extemporaneous speaking. Watson, ’o4, tried
for it and did very well.

’o4, Fisher has been announced the best
soldier of the Rutgers College battalion.

‘04, Watson won first place in the hammer-
throw in the contest against New York Uni-
versity.

‘04, Fsher, Hageman and Watson are in
the graduating class at Rutgers College.

’o4, Mettler is in the graduating class at
Princeton. A

’o5, Devan, Potter, and Scott are three of
the eight men chosen to speak in the Junior
THE CLASS OF 1908.

 

 
 

 

THE FOOTBALL TEAM.

 
THE ARGO. ot

Exhibition on the sixteenth of June.

‘06, Case won the second place in the ham-
merthrow in the contest against New York
University.

‘06, Thompson has been playing third base
on the Rutgers Varsity.

’07, MacDonald broke the record in the
440 yard dash at Rutgers.

He was also on the relay team which took
first place in the intercollegiate races at the
University of Pennsylvania.

’o7, Sangster has been pitching a good game
on the Rutgers Varsity.

THE MONKEY AND THE BOY.

CONTINUED FROM PAGE EIGHTY-FIVE.

 

his monkey was on his shoulder, the dear lit-
tle thing. The minute it saw me, it smelled at
me and seemed to know that I was the one
who give it the feast. It saw what its master
was up to. And the dear little animal, Dad-
dy, just clawed that Italian to pieces! Why it
scratched and dug him better'n any cat. The
wicked old Italian gave one yell and threw
the monkey off his neck so hard he killed it.
It law on the ground there with its head
struck against a cobble-stone and its eyes
tight shut. The man picked it up, oh, so
gently, Daddy, after he'd tried to hit me. And
he cried like a girl and said, ‘My poor lil’ Rex,
my mona-getter, a brother to me! Dead!
Dead! Dead! Dead!’

“Daddy, I’m afraid! I’m afraid of men
when they do such queer things; and I’m a-
fraid of a monkey’s nails and teeth.”

The reader will be glad to know that 1
hunted up the Italian, helped him buy a new
monkey, and made him a firm friend to my
son and me. Campbell, ’08.

—_—_—$—_—_—_____—

AN EXTRACT FROM THE
SENIOR ARGO OF 1933

Many members of the illustrious class of
1908 are now holding their twenty-fifth re-

 

union. It is of course, only natural that those
so unusual in school should become prominent
in after life. Almost everyone has made his
or her mark in the world and, as several could
not be present at this happy gathering to
speak for themselves, we will give a short ac-
count of what each has done since leaving the
dear old “Prep.”

Mr. Bauman has, for a number of years,
held a good position as instructor of Dramat-
ics in a well known School of Elocution for
Young Ladies at Metuchen, New Jersey. The
marvelous results of his work show his abili-
ty as critic and the question on the lips of all
is, “Where did he gain such knowledge?” Can
our school take this to herself?

Soon after graduating from college, Mr-
Campbell published a book of his own poems
in English, German, Latin and Greek. The
literary world was indeed astounded by such
a production, but it was still more surprised
when a new work appeared, “How to Grow
Tall.” He is still growing and we do not
know how high he will get—in the favor of
the people.

Another member of the class, well known to
the rising generation, is Cathcart, who also is
gaining glory for 1908, but in a very dierent
way. Upon entering college and taking up
gymnasium work, he found to his delight
that he had quite a talent in the acrobatic line.
So, very naturally, he became a circus clown
and to this day entertains the small boys of
this school, when the circus comes to town.

An excellent trait of character was shown
by Chamberlin, who, last fall ,left the minis-
try out of devotion to his friend the Honorable
Mr. Ross, who was then running for Vice
President. It is needless to say here, how his
oratory moved the multitudes to vote for his
candidate.

Fisher was for a time, very energetic in
business, but always had so many lines out in
different directions,that he never made a good
catch and—we mention it with baited breath

” _he now resides at the “County Home.”

In the collegiate world, Gross has been s:¢-

 

 
92 THE ARGO.

cessful both in coaching athletics and in
teaching German. His teams have turned out
so well that many of the larger colleges have
begged him to coach their men, but he has
stood by Rutgers and brought honor to her
name. 4

“The late Mr. Helm’ was very much in-
terested in balloning and aided this branch of
science with several inventions. "Two years
ago he started on an expedition to the North
Pole and nothing was heard of him, until
some time later, a vessel in search of material
for whale-oil, found him and his wrecked ma-
chine.

The army, of course, was the only place for
Captain Joyce when he left Yale and started
life independently. But in the late war, he
was wounded and so retired from service. He
settled in the west and is now editor in-chief
of a live paper, “The Epitaph” of Tombstone,
Arizona.

During her college course at Smith, Miss
Knox showed such marked histrionic talent,
that, after devoting the rest of her college ca-
reer to such studies, she went on the stage,
making the famous Greek tragedies her speci-
alty. Her greatest success has been in “El-
ectra” and in “Geometrica,” one of her own
writings.

Professors McGovern and Nelson have
made great advance in science and have dis-
covered among other things the secret of per-
petual motion. New applications of radium
to practical use, have also been made by them
and their text-books are to be found in all up-
to-date schools.

Hearty and long continued has been the
applause for “Chauncey” Olcott upon the
stage. His productions of the “Red = Mill-
stone” and “The God of the Winds” have been

especially good and do him great credit.
“Chauncey” is a “star.”

Another member of this class who is a fa-
vorite among the small boys, is Mr. Pitcher.
For several years, he has been an editor of

“Life,” resurrecting the jokes our ancestors
have laughed over and making people of to-
day laugh as if those jokes were new.

“s we have stated before, the Honorable
Mr. Ross, last fall, was elected as Vice Presi-
dent. Upon graduating from Rutgers, he en-
tered the Law School and after admission to
the Bar became prominent, both as lawyer
and politician. What honor is reflected upon
us by his latest achievement! We can boast
that we attended the same school that the Vice
President did!

In the Boston Latin School, Miss Scott has
held a high position as instructor making La-
tin Prose her specialty and her knowledge of
this subject has become so great that it is ru-
mored that she even thinks in Latin.

We are sorry that the gentleman known
here as Tim Smith, is not present at the re-
union. ‘To those who knew his nature, the life
which he has chosen is not surprising. While
yet very young, leaving the gay whirl of so-
ciety. which he loathed, he went to Europe, en-
tered a monastery, and has since then led a
life of seclusion.

Stanton soon left this country for the Can-
nibal Islands, where for many years he work-
ed faithfully as a missionary. Once he had a
very close call, for the cannibals in time of fa-
mine thinking that they might make a royal
feast of him, caught him and were about to
cook him. But luckily he escaped and is here
to-day to tell his story.

Carnegie Hall in New York has been the
scene of Mr. Stier’s triumphs, for it was there
that after years of practice, he made his first
appearance as a virtuoso. His fame has so
spread that innumerable crowds throng the
doors whenever he gives a recital.

Professor Watson, our head-master need not
be spoken of, not because there is nothing to
say, but because we all know what he has done
since taking charge of the school, fifteen years
ago.

 
‘dVaL

GHG

 

 

eee = - mi

 
THE ARGO 98

THE CLASS OF 1908.

Eugene Kenneth Bauman
Tau Phi. Scientific.
Foot-ball.

“The play’s the thing.”

Alan Ditchfield Campbell, Jr....... “Shorty”
Classical.

Member of Argo Staff. Classical Honor.
Secretary-Treasurer of the Senior Class.
“Grammaticus, rhetor, geometres, pictor,

aliptes, augur, schoenobates, medicus, magus
omnia novit.”

Edwin Furman Cathcart......... “Nigger.”
Delta Theta. Scientific.
“There’s mischief in this man.”
Laban Hammill Chamberlin ...... “Deacon”

Delta Theta. Classical.
President R. P. A. A. First prize speak-
er. Corporal of the Cadets.

“To try thy eloquence, now ’tis time.”

Elberon Fisher .a25s sicsee's cslsisece eres “Fish”
Scientific.
“I do not like this fooling.”
William David Gross ......... “Dutchman”
Delta Theta. Scientific. Z
Foot-ball. Basket-ball. Captain of Base-

ball team in 1908. Manager of ‘Track
Team in 1908.
“Oh, it is excellent to have a giant’s
strength.”
William Henry Helm
Tau Phi. Scientific.
Foot-ball. Basket-ball.
“There is an unspeakable pleasure attending
the life of a voluntary student.”

Hewette Elwell Joyce “Captain”
Beta Phi. Classical.
President of the Class of 1908. Captain
of the Cadets. Editor of the Argo. Sec-
retary-Treasurer of the R. P. A. A. Sec-
ond Prize Speaker. Best Soldier for 1908.

“The great Argoan ship’s brave ornament.”

John Francis McGovern ........... Terry”
Beta Phi. Scientific.
Foot-ball. Base-ball. Business Manager
of the Argo.
“I value Science—none can prize it more.”
Thurlow Christian Nelson ........... “Pop”
Beta Phi. Scientific.

Member of Argo Staff. Scientific honor.
“The chemist in his golden views supremely

blest.” fA
Floyd Bronson Olcott ........++ “Chauncey”
Tau Phi. Scientific.
Foot-ball. Base-ball. Member of Argo
Staff.

“And when a lady’s in the case,
You know all other things give place.”

Ralph Morgan Pitcher .........-+- “Pitch”
Scientific.
Base-ball.
“He the sweetest of all singers.”
Vivian Clinton Ross ....-..-eeee+: “Viv.
Beta Phi. Classical.
Business Manager of the Argo. First
Lieutenant of the Cadets. Vice- Presi-
dent of the R. P. A. A.
“Laugh and be fat, sir.”
Richard Alexander Smith .......... “Tim.”
Tau Phi. Scientific.
Foot-ball. Captain of Basket-ball team.

“To sport with Amoryllis in the shade
Or with the tangles of Neaerea’s hair.”

Royal Aaron Stanton .........- “Dominie.”
Classical.

Base-ball.

“Night after night, he sat, and bleared his
eyes with books.”

William Rudolf F. Stier ........ “Dutch”
Delta Theta. Classical.
Member of Argo Staff.

“Wilt thou have music? Hark! Apollo

plays.”
THE ARGO.

96

Harold Samuel Watson
Beta Phi. Scientific.
Foot-ball. Basket: ball.
ager of Foot-ball in 1907.

Care will kill a cat,

Base-ball. Man-

“Hang sorrow!
And therefore let's be merry.”

Evelyn Van Santvoord Knox.
Classical.
Member of Argo Staff.
of the Class of 1908.

“Away with her, she speaks Latin.”

Vice President

Anna Prentiss Scott.

Classical.
Member of the Argo Staff.

“Not much talk—a great, sweet silence.”

Classical—8.
Scientific—11.

Total—19.
Beta Phi—s.
Tau Phi—4.

Delta Theta—4.
Non-Fraternity—6.

 

 

TO THE SENIOR CLASS.

Melody: Love's Old Sweet Song.

[. Hail the departing class of nineteen eight!

Health to her sons beyond their school-life’s
gate!

When we shall part, may friendship hold each
mind,

Hast'ning the time when love shall rule man-
kind.

Now may we join the world’s highway well-
shod,

True to our school, our friend, our land, our

God.

Chorus.

Here’s a toast to school years,
Now forever past,

Full of purest pleasure.
May their mem’ry last.

May they leave behind them.
Treasures great and rare—
Knowledge clear to guide us,
Joy make life fair, ma
fresh and fair.

ke life more

Il. Hear now our yows! Our class we'll not

disgrace ;
Whether we all in Hist’ry find a place;
Or if we sink in life’s deep stormy sea,
Still for her sake our names shall spotless be.
ast in some small part,

But may we gain, at le
to boyhood's

Those grand ambitions close
heart.

Chorus.

May all those behind us
In their school years be
Happy and contented,
Conquerors, as we.
Now our hearts are softened,
Filled with gratitude.
Much we long for having
School days renewed, bright days of
school renewed.

III. We ask no seer to rend the future’s veil;

“Reap as you sow,” that promise cannot fail.

We'll set ideals for ev'ry later class;

Greet all the years with smiles as swift they
pass.

No cares and sorrows shall our peace destroy .

We'll draw from Youth the weapons, Faith
and Joy.

Chorus.

Life shall seem the school days ]
Of Eternity ;
Years be filled with learning;
Grand the lessons be. ;
Him we'll seek for Teacher ‘
Whom the stars enthrone.
“Higher!” be our watchword
Till we have won, till we success have
won.

A. D. Campbell, Jr., 1908...
 

THE BASKETBALL TEAM,

 

 
I

THE

LEADERS OF SCIENCE
Thomas Alva Edison.

Thomas Alva Edison, the world’s greatest
living inventor was born at Milan in Erie
county, Ohio, on the eleventh of February,
1847. His father, Samuel Edison, was a pro-
duce merchant of fairly good means, while
his mother was a highly educated woman. As
a young boy Edison was very ingenious and
we are told that when about six years old
he was discovered sitting on some eggs, trying
to hatch them. When but little older he was
set to work to earn his own living. He start-
ed as a newsboy on the Grand Trunk Rail-
way. Like many of his predecessors Edison
was very fond of reading and he is said to
have read through fifteen feet of books in the
Detroit Free Library, before his friends dis-
covered what he was up to. As he grew older
he became greatly interested in Chemistry
and obtaining the use of an old baggage car,
he turned it into a laboratory. As his resourc-
es were very limited it was only by the strict-
est economy that he was able to buy chemicals
for his experiments.

During the Civil War Edison managed to
earn quite large sums of money by sending
bits of war news by telegraph to the stations
through which the train passed. People flock-
ed to the stations and bid against each other
for his papers. One day the jolting of Edi-
son’s laboratory car upset a bottle of phos-
phorous, setting fire to the car. The conductor
who was not friendly to Edison boxed his
ears and threw him and all his belongings out
the door. The box which the man gave
him injured his ear drum and although the
finest medical aid has been used, Edison is
deaf and has recently had several operations
performed on his ear.

A little later an event happened which
changed the whole later life of the ambitious
newsboy. As he was working at one of the
way stations, he looked up and saw the lit-
tle son of the telegraph operator sitting on the
track, with a fast approaching freight car but

ARGO 99

a few feet away. With a quick rush he hurl-
ed the chil dand himself out of the way of
the car striking his face with such force that
he drove the gravel into it. The operator felt
so grateful to Edison that he offered to teach
him telegraphy. Here was the chance for
which the poor young man had been waiting
many years. He studied hard and soon be-
came a very efficient operator. With the help
of a friend he made a short telegraph line
from the railroad station to the town, and
during the first months took in about thirty-
seven cents.

During a very severe winter the cable be-
tween Sarnia and Port Huron was severed
and as the river was impassable all communi-
cation between the towns was stopped. Edi-
son seeing the difficulty jumped on a loco-
motive and by the blasts of the whistle sig-
nalled to Sarnia. When at length an answer
came back the people were greatly excited
and poor Edison had no lack of employment.

When the young electrician came to New
York he was very poor, being in debt several
hundred dollars. Walking about the city one
day he found himself in the midst of a mass
of people crowding into a stock reporting of-
fice on Wall street. A financial crisis was
then at its height and hundreds of people were
on the verge of ruin. At the most crucial
moment the stock quotation printer ‘broke
down and all source of communication was
lost. Edison, after calmly examining the
printer, told Mr. Laws, the head of the office,
that a spring had broken and falling down had
stopped two cog wheels. This was at once
removed and the center at once became active
again. The grateful lawyer engaged Edison
to care for his machinery and from that day
Tedison has never stood in need of money.

Speaking of his inventions the great elec-
trician mentioned the phonograph as the great-
est of his early discoveries. It was merely an
accident, discovered while working on another
invention. Probably his greatest discovery up
to the present time is the electric light, for his
was the first one which was valuable commer-

 
 

100

cially. In talking to a friend about Chemistry
he once said: “I tell you that no person can
be brought into close contact with the myster-
ies of nature, or make a study of chemistry,
without being convinced that behind it all
there is supreme intelligence. | am convine-
ed of that; and I think that | could, perhaps
I may some time, demonstrate, the existence
of such intelligence through the operation of
those mysterious laws with the certainty of
a demonstration in mathematics.”
Thurlow C. Nelson, ’o8.

One fROSSty morning, | invited my friend
who was a great FISHERman, to go with me
for a LONG cruise on the Raritan. “Now
let’s see WATSON on board,” said | and I
began to HALL, over our provisions. “Great
SCOTT!” I exclaimed, “the GROSSer never
sent the CAMPBELL’s soup. I hope we
won't have to LYALL day at the DOC.” But
soon we were reJOYCEd to see a man with
a well-DUN HAM and a PITCHER of wat-
er and a TODDling boy following him with
the soup.

“The tide is not LOW,” I said as we shov-
ed off,” so you can stand by the HISLM and
STIER, and [ will be BAUMAN and take
the oars.”

But I little knew what dangers BISSETT
us. Suddenly a shout of “yo-HOE” startled
us and we saw a big KOEHLER ahead.

“TURN ERound,” [ shouted to my friend,
“before she KNOX against us.”

Too late! Crash! and our bow and one
oar were smashed to SMITHerines. “Now
ROW, LAND-lubber!” laughed a SEARLEy
sailor from the deck. “I bet the owner of
that boat will be RAVEN mad.” But my
friend made no reply for he was OLCOTT up

about the accident. *o8.

NUREMBERG.
Travelers who had known Nuremberg in
its earlier days had so bewailed the encroach-
ments of civilization that we had begun to

 

THE ARGO.

fear we should find a modern city rearing its
plain, severe brick fronts before us. But al-
though it has come to be one of the towns
most sought out by tourists and although its
suburbs boast even trolley-lines, we found it
in many respects still the

“Quaint old town of toil and traffic,

Quaint old town of art and song.”

Entering the town through the old Fruen
Thor and on foot, no small exertion of will-
power was needed to keep ourselves from
stopping right there to explore the pictures-
que double line of walls which surround the
city. The old moat is partly filled in and
planted with trees and shrubbery, but the gate
and towers of the outer wall together with
the fascinating roofed galleries of the inner
wall with its occasional old workshops quite
banished the present century from our minds
and we were plunged at once into the exciting
scenes of the thirty years war. Indeed we
were almost on the point of rushing off to
the Spittlerthor to welcome Gustavus Adol-
phus, Nuremberg’s deliverer from the north,
and to shout our gratitude for being saved
from the grim Tilly who had so tormented the
souls of the neighboring loyal Rothenburgers.
We thought of those new earthworks beyond
the suburbs, thrown up under Gustavus’ ar-
my, at which men and women, soldiers, burg-
hers and peasants labored night and day. We
thought also of those days of misery during
the siege when bakeries could not supply
bread fast enough to the starving people and
mobs fought for food outside the shops; and
all the while Wallenstein out yonder in his big
camp in the hills above Furth gazed sternly
over at the climbing roofs and numberless tur-
rets of our beleagured city.

Alack, “remembrances of things
crowded all too overwhelmingly upon us. It
was too sentimental to get enthusiastic the
very first thing and at sight of the very first
stone, as it were, so we turned resolutely in-
to the city. There we met with fresh delights
in the streets themselyes—the queer old hous-
es with steep-pitched roofs and dormer win-

”

past
WVaAL

TIVEAASVEA CHL

 
 

THE ARGO

dows, the magnificent facade of the St. Lor-
enz Church, the queer side streets, the tiny
shops and finally the Marktplatz with its
Beautiful Fountain. There, too, the Fraun-
kirche, and then around the corner to the Fruit
Market to see the “goose-man” fountain, [
didn’t tell anybody, but the reproduction of
the famous “Beautiful Fountain,” hidden as
it was in its scaffolding had not stirred me a
bit the moment before, and now, here I stood
with heart all aglow, peering through the iron
railing at the sturdy old “goose-man” with
his jolly smile.

The really logical thing to do is first to
take a drive around the city outside the walls
in order to get an idea of its situation. This
we soberly did, turning our backs upon shops
and crooked streets and were rewarded by
those charming glimpses of turreted walls and
picturesquely grouped red-tiled roofs besides
the fine homes and beautiful gardens of the
suburbs.

From the moment of setting out you find
yourself saying over and over

“In the valley of the Pegnitz, where across
broad meadow lands

Rise the blue Franconian Mountains, Nurem-
berg the ancient stands.”

And as you wind slowly up to the heights
from which the old castle looks out across the
plain, you have a faint conception of what
that stronghold meant to travelers in those
far off days of 1050 when the Five-cornered
tower is supposed to have been built. This
old tower and the surrounding ground was
the private property of the Burggraf, a man
appointed by the Emperor to be the keeper
of the imperial stronghold. Gradually around
the castle grew up straggling streets as set-
tlers began to build beneath the shadow of
the Burg. Henry III gave Nuremberg the
rights of mart, customs and coinage, and un-
der this stimulus to trade the town showed a
remarkable growth and activity. Situated on
the trade routes between South and North,
East and West she soon became the centre of

 

103

the vast trade from the East and the chief em-
porium for the produce of Italy.

The emperors, too, began to visit the city
from time to time as they were on their way
to various parts of the realm, for the impreg-
nable castle with its surrounding forest, sev-
enty-two miles in extent afforded great secur-
ity and excellent hunting.

The greatest of the Hohenstaufens, Fred-
erick I, Barbarossa, lived in the castle in 1166
and is said to have built the Emperor’s chap-
el. In connection with its building is related
one of those legends so inseparable from a
German castle. Supporting the vaulting are
four slender columns of white marble and one
of them is built in two pieces, an unwrought
ring covering the seam. It is said that while
the chapel was building the Devil, who had
designs on the soul of the chaplain, made a
wager with him that he would bring these
four pillars from Milan sooner than the priest
could read the Mass. The priest undertook
the wager. The Devil was quick but the chap-
lain’s tongue was quicker, and when he had
brought the three columns and was close at
hand with the fourth, the nimble priest said,
“Amen!” The Devil was so angry at losing
the wager that he flung down the pillar which
struck the floor so heavily that it broke in two
and had to be bound together with a ring.

In the 14th century Nuremberg suffered
from the robber knights. One of these, Ekke-
lein von Gailingen, had his headquarters only
about thirty miles away. _Ekkelein had long
been feared, admired and even accredited with
magical powers, but he was finally captured
by the burgher soldiers and condemned to
death. On the day appointed for his execution
he was brought out of the dungeon into the
court. Here he begged, as a last request, to
be allowed to say farewell to his horse and his
servant Jaeckel. ‘The beautiful chrager, neigh-
ing with pleasure, was brought. Ekkelein
put his arm lovingly around its neck. “If on-
ly, before I die, 1 might once more feel myself
on his back.” So natural and harmless a re-
quest could not be refused. Saddle and bri-

sn

 
104

dle were placed on the horse, who, when his
master mounted, shook his mane for joy. A!
first he moved gently and proudly in the cir
cle of the guard, looking around him and
snorting, Then he broke into a thundering’
gallop. Lightly the spur of the rider touched
his sides; he rushed furiously around — the
Guards and jailors shrank back from

court.
the flying stones. But the gate was secure and
escape not to be thought of. The horse rais-
ed himself, the knight struck both spurs into
his sides, and before the guards could lift a
finger the desperate spring was made and man
and horse were over the parapet which over-
hung the moat a hundred feet below. After
a huge splash and struggle in the waters of
the moat, horse and rider rose again to the
surface, and long before the drawbrige could
be let down Ekkelein was off in the deep for-
est on his way to his castle. ‘The dent made
by the horse’s hoofs in the stones below is to
this day pointed out to you as you lean over
the parapet by the Five-cornered tower.

Among the masters who have given to Nur-
emberg her position of distinction in the
realm: of art are the artist, Albrect Durer, Pe-
ter Visher, worker in bronze and Adam Kraft,
worke in stone. In the various churches are
seen wonderful examples of the skill of all
save Durer. Unfortunately the city council
were unable to resist the tempting offers of
gold and they let every one of Durer’s paint-
ings pass into other hands.

Not only is Nuremberg famous for hei
trade, her toys, her arts, and crafts. Far back
in those days when the Minnesingers lived at
kings’ palaces or wandered from court to
court singing their love poems in which mea-
dows bright with flowers flashed in the sun,
Walther von der Vogelweide visited this old
town and sang at the court of Frederick II
Henrich von Meissen, last of the Minnesing-
ers, also visited Nuremberg. After his death
poetry, relegated almost entirely to the burgh-
er and artisan class, was degraded to mere ar-
tificial verse making. But Hans Sachs whom
Wagner has made world beloved, the darling

THE ARGO.

of Nuremberg, the shoemaker poct, had more
poetic talent, more creative power than the
common artisan of his day. He was, howey-
er, a popular poet, reflecting the people of the
time, often with robust good sense and shrewd
irony. Among his works are to be found
songs, fables, tragedies and farces. In the
latter he himself acted and from his time the
drama began to make headway in Germany.
“Not thy councils, not thy Kaisers, win for
thee the world’s regard ;
But thy painter, Albrecht Durer, and Hans
Sachs, thy cobbler-bard.”

ATHLETICS 1907-8.

Last September when school started we had
six of our old foot-ball men back as a nucleus
for a new team. With these, and the candi-
dates who came out, Mr. Hall worked up a
team which did credit to the school. Out of
the seven games played we lost two, one of
which was won on a fluke. By far the best
game of the season was won from ‘Trenton
Model by a score of 4-0. Great credit is due
to Mr. Hall for his careful coaching and at-
tention to the team. Ziegler was elected to
captain the team next fall.

After Thanksgiving, candidates were called
out for basket-ball. Although this is the first
year that basket-ball has been an acknowledg-
ed sport in the school and a regular team or-
ganized, the fellows responded finely. R. A.
Smith was chosen captain and a team was
formed which surpassed the expectations of
all. The first game of the season was the
only one lost and the other six resulted in
signal victories for Prep. May this record
serve as an incentive for our future basket-ball
teams. Todd was elected captain for next year.

When base-ball season came, only four of
last year’s team answered to roll call. A call
for candidates was issued and the response
was loyal. As Captain Williams left school
for the rest of the year, Gross was elected
captain of the team. After preliminary try-
outs the team was picked and practicing be-
 

 

: “RLINUALVUA IHd AVG

 

 

 

 
