 

Che Argo

 

 

Vol. 5. No. 2

Headmaster’ s Report

The Board of Trustees at its meeting,
Monday, October 14 came to an angree-
ment with the owners and voted to pro-
cure a $5,000 option on the sixteen acre
Julian-Segoine property on River Road.

At present negotiations are suspended |}
re-examining the ||

and the Board
problem.

is

Some fifty responses have been re-
c.ived thus far from parents concern-
ing the Rutgers Charter and letter
which was sent to them. A total of
$20,000 has been pledged to the school
f which approximately one-third will
be cash and two-thirds bonds. Further
developments in inducinz the reloca-
tion of the school will be announced
shortly.

Cur annual parent’s evening meet-
-ngs and lower school Parents’ Tea are
scheduled for the week of November
10 thru 16, American Education Week.

eee

°

eee

Three members of the Board of
Trustees will represent our school at a
meeting of the New Brunswick Histori-
cal Society Thursday, November 24 and
speak on the history of our school. Dr.
Walter Stowe will report on our past
history, David Heinlein will discuss
our present position, and George Kel-
logg will look into the possible future of
our school.

see

Because of the recent high percent-
age of absenteeism, the first grading
period has been extended one week
from November 8 to 15.

(Continued on page 4)

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

   

Pellichero and Margolis capture
council positions.

Group To See ‘La Perichole’
At Metropolitan Opera House

fhirty-eignt students will go to New
York to the Metropolitan Opera House
to see a matinee performance of La
Perichole on November 2. Thomas Du-
marae and Margaret Wilson will ac-
company the group. The opera, by
Jacques Offenback, is a comedy, writ-
ten in English,

 

FLASH!

SENIORS — PLAN FOR
YOUR COLLEGE BOARDS!

 

 

EDUCATIONAL RESEARCH PROBES
CURRENT CONCEPTS IN TEACHING

David M. Heinlein, Headmaster, will
attend the Twenty-second Educational
Conference which will take place on
October 31 and November 1 at the
Roosevelt Hotel in New York. The con-
ference themes will deal with long
range planning for education, the use
of tests in admission to schools and col-
leges and changing values and attitudes
on the campus.

A principal speaker will be Dr. Mason
W. Gross, Provost of Rutgers, and
trustee of Rutgers Prep School, who
will address the assembly on the topic,
“Education for Problem Solving and
Value Judgements.”

An article by Mrs. Margaret Wilson
appears in the September 1957 Research
Bulletin of the New Jersey School
Development Council. Mrs. Wilson, re-
search director of the council for our
school, reports on the curriculum re-
vision, which began in the school with
studies of the English program.

In her report, she states her goals
and present results, Using the Mooney
Problem Check-List results, Mrs. Wil-
son is attempting numerous innova-
tions in practical classroom procedure.
Using multiple texts and allowing
senior students to assist in curriculum
are two of the experiments currently

 

proving successful,

October, 1957

Students Elect Political Leaders
To Represent Classes In Council

Class elections were held on Friday,
October 11 in grades eight to eleven.
The Senior class elections were post-
poned until the following Monday, be-

cause several members were absent. The
cighth graders elected Joseph Smyth
president, Barbara Abernathy Vice-
president, and Edward Freedman Sec-
retary. David Weiss, Bartley Howley
and Susan Gunkle are the Freshman
officers. The Sophomores elected James
Smith, Peter Wintersteiner, and Nancy
Lee. The Junior officers are Danylo
Struk, Bruce Gunkle and Suzanne
Duschock,

Stiff Competition in Senior Class

There was much competition among
the Seniors for offices, Those nominat-
ed for the office of president were
Arlene Greenberg, Ed Pellichero, and
Bernard Karshmer. After the nomina-
tions were closed, each candidate gave
a short talk concerning his experience
and his aims for the coming year, At
the suggestion of George Moffat, class
advisor, a question and answer period
followed. Several run-offs were needed
because one member at first abstained
from voting, but the final victory went
to Pellichero, a newcomer to the school.

Candidates for the office of vice-
president were Jonathan Margolis,
James Burke, Arlene Greenberg and
Florence Schmitt, from whom Jon was
elected. Jacqueline Kaufelt, who op-
posed Sally Searles, was elected secre-
tary.

COUNCIL PLANS HAYRIDE

The school’s annual hayride will take
place on Friday, November 8 and will
leave from the Rutgers Prep gym, at
7:30, promptly. The ride will be spon-
sored by the student council under the
direction of Martin Levowitz, president,
and Robert Bronfman, vice-president.
You must bring a date along with you.
Chances are, there will be no refresh-
ments served.

This ride ,the second social event of
the school year will give the old and
new students alike an enjoyable eve-
ning. The student council hopes it will
be as big a suc s as last year, as it
is one of the favorite of the students

 

 

   
 

 

social events at Rutgers Prep.

 
 

Pare 2 The Argo October, 1955

 

ARGO STAFF
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL
Somerset Street
New Brunswick, New Jersey
Editor-in-chief: Louise DiLalo
Class Editors: Jonathan Margolis Copy Editor: Linda Levy
Steven Holsten

 
    
  
    
  
 

Editor’s Desk

Absenteeism during the miaay,
{the month rose to nearly one thi

on
eof Prep

rd of go a
ns reenberg \ the student population on a sing)
Typing Editor: Arlene Green| gle
ct ages Exchange Editor: Elizabeth Kady ie ae, ae neve been away had.
pe hel rom classes for a week or more, Con-
Mark Levine Business Manager: Joseph Bus aently, “Heavy ourd
Susanna Margolis Art: Linda Brodsky Seal y uy rden has been

put upon the returning stu

Staff: Mary Bunting, Richard Conrad, Oliver Cooperman, Joel Denker, \s0 too on the teacher who

Arlene DiLalo, Edward Freedman, Paul Gottlieb, Warren Green-
house, Suzanne Hancox, Melvin Hemelsky, Jacqueline Kaufelt,
Richard Kluft, Mare Leavitt, Bardin Levavy, Charles Levy,
Barbara Lipman, George McCain, Richard Schatzman, Florence

Schmitt, John Schmitt, Thomas Ten Broeck, Nancy Tomkinson.
Faculty Advisor: Margaret P. Wilson.

make-up tests. In order to remove some

‘of this stress, Mr. Heinlein and the ee

ber 15 instead of 8.

This same problem has also affecteq
by Amy Riddering the publication of Argo, and so this

edition is reaching you several days
later than intended. We hope that by
now everyone is well enough to en-
joy it.

Letters to the Editor|Inquiring Reporter

Dear Editor,

Two years ago when I came to this :
school, I was very pleased with my new | QUESTION: What do you think of the
classmates. Many of them were in- general procedure followed each
terested in the same things I was work- school day?
ing for: bettering the school by parti- Tiffany Hendry: “I like the study| We welcome the comments of both
cipating in its activities, and working halls, because they are usually quiet, | the students and their parents on your
hard to prepare for our future years and I am able to accomplish a lot of \school newspaper. Please do not hesi-
in college. work. I appreciate lunch and activities |tate to drop your comments and sug-

By the end of my freshman year, I period, because they break up the gen-| gestions in the suggestion box on the
was very pleased with the administra-| ¢1a) routine.” front desk in the study hall. We woul
tion of the Prep school. I thought that| pi ckey Kolbay: “I think it is pretty |like to thank Mr. Daviet who provided
ae a See ny SULY | good, but I think they should have an|Us with the box.
school had many varieties of activities|"t Sis during activities period” | NQUIRING REPORTER (Cont)
both during and after school for the| Norman Schubert: “It's okay, but 1) taysin:
u think they should have double periods
interest of students my age. 3

When I returned as a sophomore, I for “Chemistry, Meredith Miers: “I think the activi-
noticed a change in the new students,| Marsha Bronfman: “I think the’ ties period should be longer.”
who had come into the school as fresh-|Shorter school day and the shorter | Oyiver Cooperman: “I think all peri-
men and eighth graders. They were | Periods are good.” \ods should be doubled and lunch period
just interested in taking from the| Charles Levy: “I think that every-' should be later. I also think the boys
school and not in giving anything in| thing is fine, except that there should | and girls should have a gym period.”
return. I do not see anything wrong |be a little longer time between periods.” | Joke Rooda: “I like it very much, and
with studying, but to have school mean| Arnold Goldberg: “In my opinion \i don’t think there is anything wrong
nothing more to you than just a desk|our general procedure followed each} with it. I think it is the best set-up 1
and book is ridiculous. day is a good one, I feel that our activ. |

have seen in any school that I’ve at-
Coming to the school for my third | ities period should be held at the end | tended.”

year, I was a little disappointed with |of the day, so that those who are not| Averell Bisner: “1 think the lunch

the eighth, ninth, and tenth graders. | interested in these activities could | period is too early. Otherwise the gen-
In my first year at Prep there were | leave school and put this time to bet- | eral procedure is all right.”

many students out for sports and other | ter use in their own ways.” Warren Marshall: “I like it as it is.”

activities; in the second year, there Barbara Abernethy: “I think it’s Paul Jessen: “It’s okay, but I think

were still quite a few, but this year the| pretty good, but I think the lunch|we should have longer Chemistry lab
clubs have exactly the same number of | period is too short.”

periods in which we could accomplish
members who were in the school last) John Sumner: “I like it much better | much more.”
year. If you new students think that |\than public school. It is more friendly

we will bite you for coming to club|and not so hurried.”
meetings at the beginning of the year,

 
 
 
 

to them during activities peri-
od when they just sit around anyway.”

  
 
 
  
  
 
 

Robert Shepard: “There is nothing
actually wrong with it except that the
Stan Kamel; “I like the length of the | lunch period is to early, but that can’t
you are wrong. I know it is difficult | periods pretty much, except I think the | be helped because of the school hours.”
getting adjusted to a new school, All| time between classes should be longer.
we want is for you to come to club | Also the lack of many sports, such
meetings and enjoy yourselves for | football, is something I don’t like.

forty minutes. | Becky Temple: “I like the length of

Colleges look for students who parti-|the periods, and the way the periods |

cipate in the many things a school of- | are arranged. I also think the activi

Ed Pellichero: “I think it’s layed out
As| well, and I like it very much. I like
ae way the periods are arranged and
the length of them.”

October, 1957

From The ~ SPORTLIC

by Bernard Kars
taking the field
soccer team had p!
nd more than enot

day Unfortunately this 1s

For some strange Tt

squad had little of U
ability. Don’t get me
ae ert
dents and plenty of prospecti =
has foung put few of them ha
\it necessary to give literally scores ot cer experience. The:
fense was one of U

ith Jim Burke in

4 J
faculty have moved the end of the firs Broniman ana
it
\grading period forward one week. The handling the fullbi
marking period therefore ends Novem- tion is, how long
stand up against

tack? Bruce Gut
not only have +}
pall, but are the
weak offense. F
naifback spot is
come along in
opener with Ja
of the mainst
Now we come
Scarlet forwa
Norm Bate,
Mel Hamels!
(good man)
eoxpereience)
(ditto). Thr
certainly b

The big
was the }
ton High,
fifty-nine

Last 3
cer tea
game ‘
season.

Spec
Ness,
lene
Joan
cox,
witz

Let
the

Gunther Rooda: “I like it very much

| - \ because it is a change from the regular
fers excluding school studies. To col-| ties period is good.”

\procedure of the school I went to.”
William Mrazek: “I think it’s pretty |

When students work with each other|good except they shouldn't keep the general are okay
to run their activities and their schoo), | seniors in after school to talk to them.’ stude
(Continued on page 3) |1 think they could do just as well by Dum

leges the all around student is valuable. |

arae’s room.”

Ed Freedman: “I think the classes in

, but T don’t think the
nts should go outside to get to Mr,
October, 1957

SPOR TLIGHT

by Bernard Karshmer

On taking the field this year the
Prep soccer team had plenty of go, go,
go and more than enough will to win.
Unfortunately this is about all they
had, For some strange reason this year's
squad had little of that thing called
ability, Don't get me wrong, there are
plenty of progpective athletes in school,
but few of them had any previous soc-
cer experience. The Little Scarlet de-
jense was one of the finest in years,
with Jim Burke in the goal and Bob
Bronfman and Bernard Karshmer
handling the fullback slots, The ques-
tion is, how long can a good defense
stand up against a never ending at-
tack? Bruce Gunkle and Dan Strux
not only have played fine defensive
ball, but are the spark plugs of Prep's
weak offense. Filling in at the third
haifback spot is Jon Margolis, who has
come along in a big way from our
opener with Jamesburg to become one
of the mainstays of our middle line.
Now we come to our offense, The Little
Scarlet forward wall is made up of
Norm Bate, (no previous experience),
Mel Hamelsky (ditto), Steve Holsten
(good man), Igor Guro (no previous
expereience), and Arnold Goldberg
(ditto). The loss of Jay Goldsmith has
certainly been felt.

eee

The biggest heartbreak of the year
was the Prepsters’ 1-0 loss to Prince-
ton High, the winning tally coming with
fifty-nine seconds left,

oe. @

Last year at this time, the Prep soc~
cer team had four goals, The Linden
game October 22 gave us three this
season.

Special thanks to Mr. Blake, Jim
Ness, Barb Lipman, Sally Searles, Ar-
lene Greenberg, Nancy ‘Tompkinson,
Joanne Millikin, Sue Gunkle, Sue Han-
cox, Sue Duschock, and Martin Levo-
witz, Prep's loyal rooters.

Letters To The Editor (Cont.)
the school spirit is high, but where
they don't it is low.

I would like to compliment all those
new students, who have come to club
meetings and who will continue doing
50.

eee
Editor's Note: The opinions expressed
in the Letters To The Editor column
are not necessarily those of the Argo
staff.

 

The Argo

Page 3

Soccer Team Plays Wonderful Game

‘Loses In Last Fift

Fighting a strong Princeton High
team, the soccer team was defeated 1
to 0 on Tuesday, October 15 in Buc-
cleuch Park. The Little Scarlet was
Strongly outmatched by an agressive
Princeton eleven. The Prepsters were
forced to take the defensive through-
out the game.
een iamsnneeriioceneneeeeneeesi

Faculty Judges Candidates
At Cheerleading Tryout

The cheerleading squad for the 1957-
1958 season was chosen on September
20. Those girls picked for the cheer-
leading squad led by Barbara Lipman
were Arlene Greenberg, Sally Searls,
Susanne Duschock, Joke Rooda, Suzan-
ne Hancox, Nancy Tompkinson, and
Joanne Milliken. Two substitutes, Don-
na Voorhees and Willa Simon, were
also picked by the board of judges.

Mrs, Margaret Wilson, Thomas Du-
marae, and George Moffat, judged the
tryouts. The girls were evaluated on
neatness, enthusiasm, spirit, voice, and
ability to cheer.

Immediately after tryouts, the girls
set up a code of rules to follow. These
included points on good conduct, be~
havior, responsibility, and  neatness,
With these rules to follow and live up
to, the girls began to practice.

(Continued on page 4)

SHELLEY’S

College Book Store
108 SOMERSET STREET
New Brunswick, N. J.
OUR 10th YEAR AT RUTGERS

 

INZANO‘’S
Corner of
EASTON Ave, & SOMERSET St,
New Brunswick, N, J.

 

 

“Meet To Eat” at the
MAYFLOWER
RESTAURANT

Corner SOMERSET and E
New Brunswick, N, J,

 

'ON

   

 

-nine Seconds I-0

 

“Over here, Bruce!” — Bruce Gunkle and Jon Margolis.

In the first quarter of play it looked
as if the game was all Princeton's. The
Princeton team had many shots at the
Prep goal, but, by the remarkable ef-
forts of goalie, Jim Burke, and the full-
backs, they were unable to score.

At the end of the half it was 0 to 0
and it looked as if the ballgame was
going to be a stalmate. Throughout the
third quarter the Prep team became a
little more agressive and managed to
bring the ball down into Princeton's
territory several times,

The last quarter was the hardest
fought of all. The teams went up and
down the fleld exchanging shots at
each others goal. All their attempts
amounted to nothing. With fifty-nine
seconds to go to the end of the game
Princeton's center forward booted a
beautiful kick past Jim Burke for a
score. The Prep team had no chance
to retaliate and the game ended 1 to 0.

This game was far better showing
than Prep’s first game against James-
burg which they lost 4 to 0. Consider-
ing that the team has no depth, they
performed excellently, Another reason
for their not doing better is the fact
that the boys have been fighting the

flu since the beginning of the current
season,

 

 

COMPLIMENTS

or
COLLEGE PHARMACY

 

COMPLIMENT:
| OF THE

SOCCER TEAM

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Page 4

The Argo

October, 1957

 

CHEM CLUB

The Chem-Club got off to a good
beginning with twenty-eight members,
almost twice as many as it has ever
had before, making it necessary to have
two lab sections meeting on alternate
weeks. At the first meeting officers were
elected, The president is Bob Eber and
the vice president is Jay Goldsmith.
Normally, the president will be in
charge of one section and the vice pres-
ident of the other. Suzanne Duschock
was elected secretary and George Mc-
Cain is head of the planning committee,
consisting of Mary Bunting, Tom Ches-
ter, Doug Krough, and Arnold Gold-
berg. The planning committee plans
the meetings and special activities.

The club got off to a “bouncing”
start by making synthetic rubber for
their first experiment.

NAVIGATION CLUB

The Navigation Club is conducted
for those who are mainly interested in
boats or who own them. There are
three charter members at present. They
are Irving Quackenboss, who is the
president, Thomas Dunn, and Thomas
Chester,

George Moffat is the faculty advisor
for this club. He and Irv Quackenboss
are attempting to work out a new con-
stitution with the other chartered
members. They are also hoping to be
able to make plans to go to boat shows
and to boat yards.

FRENCH CLUB

The French Club is starting again
after a year’s lapse, while our French
teacher, Alfred Gaggini, was in Cam-
bodia. This year it is open only to stu-
dents in French III and IV. The club
meets bi-weekly, and its specific aim
is to promote a deeper interest in the
French and their culture.

At its first meeting, the members
planned the year’s activities which will
include seeing a French play in New
York and the discussion of French
books and records, Naturally, all dis-
cussion down to the smallest remark
will be in French.

 

COMPLIMENTS
OF

C. T.

 

 

BIOLOGY CLUB

Miss Nancy Warr is planning to or-
ganize a new club, called the Biology
Club. Members will include sophomores
and any other students who have had
Biology and have an interest in biologi-
cal study. The members will work in-
dividually on projects, their goal being
displays in the Central Jersey Science
Fair. Knowledge of living things will
be increased through research. Anyone
who has an interest in this type of
work will find the Biology Club bene-
ficial in their study of living things.

HISTORY CLUB

For the first time, Rutgers Prep has
a club which pursues the study of his-
tory. At the first meeting with Mr.
Sperduto, who is the faculty advisor,
the club voted to center its activitizs
around New Jersey history. Also at that
meeting, the club officers were elected.
Bernard Karshmer is president, Bardy
Levavy is vice president, and Arlene
Greenberg is secretary.

At the History Club’s second meeting,
October 8, Dr. Robert McCormick, a
professor of history at Rutgers, spoke.

ADVANCED CHEM CLUB

The Advanced Chem Club, open tu
all students who have taken Chemistry,
convenes on Thursday during Activities
period to explore the field of Chemistry
further and in more detail than the
original course permitted. This year’s
club has elected for its officers Louise
DiLalo, president, Bernard Karshmer,
vice president, and Florence Schmitt,
secretary. On October 19 the club visit-
ed Richard Conrad’s father’s plant,
which produces and developes cosmetic
ingredients. A soil testing project,
which will be of service to the commu-
nity, is still in the planning stage of
the club’s curriculum.

 

COMPLIMENTS
OF

JOE'S SHOE REPAIR

15 EASTON AVENUE
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

COMPLIMENTS
OF

VOGEL'S

 

 

STAR MUSIC CENTER

 

INTERNATIONAL CLUB

the International
Club meets with Mrs, Rooda for the
purpose of promoting interest and un-
derstanding of other nations. This un-
derstanding is developed through the
work of different committces which
report to the members on {folk sinzing,
folk dancing, and national cultures.
These sections will have prozrams in-
cluding speakers, films, and _ exhibi-
tions; all of which lead up to an In-
ternational Festival in the Spring,

Thursday

Every

 

CHEERLEADING (Cont. from page 3)

This year the squad will learn sphis
and cartwheels for their cheers. This
will require long hours of practice, but
with the enthusiasm and spirit the girls
all have, there should be no problem
in forming a well organized group of
cheerleaders.

The purpose of the girls this year
is to support the soccer and basketball
teams to their fullest and obtain en-
thusiasm from the rest of the school.

REPORT (Cont. from page 1)

The Reverend Alvord Beardslee, Di-
rector of the Council For Religion in
Independent School visited our school
Friday, October 11 and found particular
interest in the Advanced Literature
course which he attended.

 

SEE THE ’58
CHEVROLET
AT

RUTGERS
CHEVROLET

246 GEORGE STREET
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

THIS ARTICLE BY JOE
BUSHEL.

 

 

 

 
