 

Vol. 1. —+— HF ——8 No. 4. é

GRareh 1, 1890. ro
TS
O,

rer a

: % CONGENGS.
i io PAGE
of. A The Rhetorical Work Cpkrecete weiss este. OS
f. &, © The Co-educational Department............0..06- 25
t

 

 

 

 

é . Primary and Peano Work Saves
ai YY ie Revere... fale SiGe laaie sie Wess een e* 20
o oa if A Part can be Gie ater than the Whole : 26
* AR a Patriotic Exercises in Commemoration of Was
~ f ton’s Birthday; ........... sw eIS sce =F
£ Sf Extracts from the Diary of a Continental Captain, .., 7
a v RDC MAING Sc cts siciaiesyaG tise aeallsanlNl Say.aeee 29
Jf Le Personals ...... aiiahle <6 ve in aapanstaip a (oleate call Raine
fi xd * Dinna Be Sae Sweet 22.0... e ec cee cece ee ;
if : Ve MAG TAS oss. dei Sss8e Ee nese hte 31
s ‘vy Chips: tage cdiiwie is cc 31
o NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.:
e Brevontan Puntisuins Compan,’s Prinrinc Hovse.

‘ ef | °

 
 

~HJ.e@S.e@STEWART,#*

Wall 7R9—"90 W inter.

Ere ts. Neckwear.

, r te ‘legant Silks, Newest Shapes,
For Young Men a special feature. Elegant

[ \ DE h W |: \ k barat ee ere ee Ties, Scarfs, Collars, Cas and Jewelry,
- 4 sdk. . a 7 *

—_—_—————_

 

THE FREDONIAN se RUTGERS %
*Printing Establishment’ PHARMACY,

7 + Opposite Rutgers College
(U and ' 4 Dennis St, Nev i Brunswick, N, Ur Grammar School,

Unequaled facilities for FIRST CLASS PRINTING. New EDW. D. PALMER,
Type and New Presses. - D ie
ruggis <

THE FREDONIAN PUBLISHING COMPANY.

JAS. P. SMITH ~ WM. F EDMONDS. I S
SMITH & EDMONDS, THOS.

Matters and Men's Outfitters, <
Cor. Church and Neilson Sts , New Brunswick,

Opposite National and People’s Banks.

KAY,

7N

we

1
Pianos, Orguns,

SUPERIOR SHEET s% MUSIC,
Boots, Shoes aut {lubbers Tae Bast Pens . SY, 41 Church Street,

In ereat variety, at the very lowest prices,

 

EVENNESS UF POINT,
HOAGLAND & HOWELL, 57 Church Street, DURABILITY, New Brunswick, N. J.
Opp. People's National Bank. WORKMANSHIP, 10 -
= — ue / Selected Wa. Brower. J. J. Bonney,
, r y s Sample!
Snaiast ie i Gt | sest for traf WM, BROWER & CO,,
‘orelgn & Domestic Fruits,» Season, POSTPAID, 1 | i abaans i
‘iain = mrccptotiocts| MEtistic Lailors,
Vegetables, Canned Goods, Fancy Gro- IVISO B J ,
ceries, &e. Also Cut Flowers. | s 753& ee Nason ¢ Fall Room i 116 Albany Sty,
57 CHURCH STREET. | VL. ORNS NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Any kind of a suit or fabric you may fancy is apt to be here,
besides kinds that you are unacquainted with but ought to know.
$18 to $30 is about our range of prices for rightly made suits and
the more critical you are the more we enjoy serving you. We
can trust our garments to win their way with people who know a
good thing.

ROGERS, PEET & CoO..
THREE _) Priver, New York.

BROADWAY - Warren,
STORES, ) 82p Sr.

  

 
 

Vou. I. EW BRUNSWICK, N.

Be: Lr g é ‘

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, WY THE

RUTGERS COLLEGE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

Oe |
Vou. I. New Brunswick, N. J., Manon 1, 150. No. 4.
See ee

BOARD OF
J. H. THOMPSON, 790,

Senior Editor,
F. 0. VAN DYCK, Jn., "90,
Associate Editors,
L. LAWRENC!

 

P. C. THOMAS, '%,

 

‘92, Business Manager.

 

 

One copy, one year, fifty cents,

All communications shouldbe addressed to the Senior Editor,
J. H. Tuomrson, New Brunswick, N. J.,and must be accompanied
with the name of the author.

 

 

he is really a shame that more attentionis not paid |
by some of the students to the rhetorical |
work. A few do their work earnestly, faithfully,
and conscientiously, but by far the greater number
consider it only a duty to be avoided entirely, or

at best, to be slighted as much as possible. ‘This

is radically wrong, perhaps no department of our
school work is of greater importance than speak- |
ing. The opportunity of speaking before our
fellow students is invaluable, as it gives self-
reliance and practice.

Yet, while it improves the individual student, it
also increases the reputation of the school as a
body. Now to every fellow who has a grain of
loyalty in his nature, this is a powerful incentive.
‘The reputation of the school, we are sure, is dear
to every member, so cannot we be more earnest,
careful and diligent about this important branch
of our school duties ?

 

Is the last circular of the Grammar School it is}

stated that girls as well as boys will hereafter
be admitted to the Primary Department. We as- |
sure those who send their, children there that they |
will have no cause for Tegret. | Nowhere will they |
receive more attention or derive greater benefit |

OHE ® ARGO.

 

J., MARCH 1, 1890. No. 4.

 

than under the able instructors of the Primary De-
partment,

The character of the school depends much upon
this department. If gentlemanly boys are gradua-
ted from it, it will go far toward making a school
of high character.

We have great hopes for the school, and we
trust that with its competent instructors and earn-
est hard working head master it may become one
of the leading schools in the country.

We see it with enlarged buildings, with excellent
facilities for study, and with play grounds, modeled
after the best in the land. We see it preparing
young men and boys for the duties of life, making
them refined and cultured, a benefit to those about
them and an honor their country.

ROBABLY no department of the school has

undergone a greater change since Dr. Cook

has had it in charge than the Primary and Prepara-
tory Departments.

Since the last issue of Tue Arco appeared two

new rooms have been fitted up for the use of the

scholars, so that now the entire second floor, with

the exception of one room, belongs to this depart-
ment.

The ventilation is perfect, as the recitation
rooms are oceupied only every other hour and are
thoroughly aired when not in use.

Through the assistance of Col. J. J. Janeway,
the rooms and halls have been handsomely
papered.

New furniture has been purchased, and models
for drawing now form part of the equipment.

The system of object lessons is used in the
Primary Department whenever possible, and the
scholars slfow a remarkable interest in the work-
In this department Geography is taught by means
of relief maps in sand and putty, and some very
creditable samples of the pupils work in the latter
material are on exhibition.

The school is fortunate in having secured the
services of Miss Morris who teaches drawing not

 
 

26 Ghe Argo.

 

only in the Preparatory Department but also in the
main school down stairs. She is an invaluable
assistant to Miss Andrews and Miss Trott, and the
three ladies together form a most efficient corps of
teachers. The work in all departments is most
thorough. A class in Latin has been organized
under Prof, Cummings and we can assure the boys
that this preliminary work will be of great advan-
tage to them when they come down stairs to the
main school,

Such is our Preparatory Department. At first, a
little room containing only nine scholars ; next
enlarged so as to demand two rooms ; now it is
nearly equal in numbers to the main school and
the equipment must be appreciated. On behalf
of the school we invite all its friends to visit this
department feeling sure that an hour could not be
better spent than in learnng how the younger

boys are educated in Rutgers College Grammar
School.

 

 

Literary.

 

 

REVERIE.

Oft at the close of day,

With setting sun,

And dark’ning sky,

Come thoughts astray

Like rays upon a moonlit run,—
Glimmering, broken, shy,
As with slothful pace

The woodland path

I wind, and muse,

Mean cares I chase

With speed of sudden wrath ;
The godlier part I choose,

Then free from blinding art,
In every guise

Which nature wears,

My answering heart

Can find some meaning wise,—

God's message true it bears,
° PHILOMEL,

A PART CAN BE GREATER THAN A
WHOLE.
HOSE who have read Mr. Carlyle’s story of
“ Davy and the Goblin,” willremember that in
the course of the Believing Voyage, undertaken by

 

 

——

Davy, he encountered our well known friend, Rob-
inson Crusve; and is asked by him questions
enough to supply any well conducted Board of
Examinations. One of Robinson Crusoe S pro-
blems is, “How many two-thsare there ina whole?”
Davy, very properly, corrects Robinson by inform-
ing him that the statement of the quettioa 1s un-
grammatical,—he should have said “teeth, —and
adds that a “whole” which contained any kind of
tecth might be aneat “hole!” Davy was so eager
to get off this two-th sum jest that he misses a point
to the effect that there are times when a part may
be greater than the whole.

Mr. J. Ross Browne published an account of
his visit to Robinson Crusoe’s island of Juan Fer-
nandez, about forty years ago. He found the in-
habitants were mostly goats. although some Chil-
ian convicts, and a man by the name of Pierce (liv-
ing in an old hut near the shore), gave a suggestion
of human companionship much greater than poor
Robinson ever had, even from the savages.

Mr. Browne says he explored that part of the
Island pretty thoroughly, He was :rewarded by
finding an old, odd looking earthern-ware pot,
which had an inscription on the inside. The pot
was one such as Robinson narrates resulted from
his efforts to bake some pipkins in a fire on the
beach. It was so broken that the inscription was
quite incomplete, but “A. S * * * * 170 *” was |
easily read. This could only mean “A. Selkirk,
1709,"—which was the year in which Selkirk was
taken from the Island. Much delighted to have
so authentic a relic of the man from whose adven-
tures DeFoe modelled his great story. Mr. Browne
hastened to show his discovery to the man in the
hut. But, somehow, Pierce did not share his enthu-
iasm, even after the ingenious explanation of the
inscription had been given him. He said “Oh, I
have those pieces, and can show what that mark-
ing was.” Taking the utensil into the hut, in a
few moments he returned with the hiatus in the side
of the pipkin filled, the vessel whole, and the in-
scription complete. It read, “ A, Saucepan 17oct.
1850.” Pierce said, “I made that, myself.” —The
relic was whole, but much less valuable than it
had been, when only a part!

Quod erat demonstrandum,

 
PATRIOTIC EXERCISES AT R. C. G. S

IN COMMEMORATION OF WASHINGTON’S
BIRTHDAY.

HE parents and friends of the pupils of the

Grammar School assembled at the school build-
ing, Friday morning, February 2tst, to listen to
patriotic songs and addresses commemorating
Washington’s birthday. The school rooms were
tastefully decorated by the boys, with a profusion
of our national colors and American flags. F. H.
Winn of the Preparatory Department had adorned
the blackboards with crayon drawings of flags of
various nations. Handsome portraits of Washing-
ton, Lincoln, and Grant, gifts of friends of the
school hung in conspicuous positions near the stage.
The traditional hatchet was suspended beneath
the portrait of Washington.

The programme, a varied and pleasant one, was
as follows:

Song, “ Onward marching,”—By the Glee Club.

Tributes to Washington, spoken by,—Howard
Ludlam; Merrill E. Gates Jr; Walter W. Cook.

Maxims quoted; Mt. Vernon Bells sung,—By

Primary Department.

Recitation, ‘* Our Flag,”—By Morris Davidson.

Addresses on the Character of Washington,
spoken by,—John McDowell; A. W. Totten;
J. H. Martin.

Hymn—sung by Glee Club and School.

Recitation, “The Good Old Days,”—Nicholas

Williamson.

“The Hatchet Story,” read by,—H. Garner
‘DeVoe.

Song, George Washington,—By Primary De-
partment,

Tributes to Washington, spoken by,—William
Green; Isaac Enyard.

Flag Drill,—By boys of Primary Deparment.
Under command of Willie Gates.

America,—Glee Club and Audience.

Each address was delivered with self-possession
and earnestness, and was enthusiastically received
by the audience.

President Gates, in his usual happy manner
made to the boys a stirring address appropriate to
the occasion, also Dr. Cook, paid touching tribu-
tes to Lincoln and Grant.

 

She Argo. 27

One of the most enjoyable features of the day
was the rendering of the patriotic songs by the
newly organized and promising Glee Club. At
the opening of the exercise prayer was offered,
and at the close the benediction was pronounced
by Rev. Dr. Hutton
EXTRACTS FROM THE DIARY OF A

CONTINENTAL CAPTAIN.
(CONCLUDED. }

(The following extract from the diary of a captain
in the Continental Army was kindly lent to one of the
editors of Tuk Arco. Thinking it might be of in-
terest to our readers, we give it verbatim ad literati.)

July ye 28th there was too ships came into the
Harbour of Boston.

July ye 29th att Night there was a firing all
Night.

July ye 30th there was thee Hundred men went
Down to the Light House & Burnt it & Killed ten
and took thirty too men. Seven of them Ware
Tories. There was one of the Riphel men taken
that night at Chalstown Neck and our men kild
& wounded fifty of their men. the next Day they
kild to of our men belonging to marblehead.

August the 6th 1775. ‘The Regulars came from
Bunkers Hill with too Bateries & one Barge full of
mmen and Set an House and Barn on fire att
Malden Point near Perry ferry.

August ye roth.

At Boston there was four Bumshells Catcht on
fire and Burst and Kild five or six men.

August th 12: 1775.

This Day made a Coat for Lut. John Noyes for
which he is to give a full and good treet unto all
the Company in the Roome. The tweluth Day of
august Deserted from Bunkers Hill one man &
att Night too more from the Same Hill. They all
swam over to Malden Point. This same Night,
Ran away from the Lively Man of war too men
which Landed at Point Shurley, Who gave me
Intelligence of our men at Capeann of Resquing
too Vessels out of the hands of the Kings troops
and taking thirty Prisoners.

August ye 15th 1775.

There Was Fifteen Sail come into the Harbor
of Boston. There Was one of the Kings troops
that Mounted the Liberty in Boston & Cut of one
28 Ohe Argo.

Lim & Says theres one of the d— Yankes Dead
& then Cuts Down the other & Says the Same.
But as he was a Cutting the third he fel Down
and Smasht his Brains out, then orders came No
one Should touch that from this time.
August 25 one ship and the transports came into
Boston,

tree

August 26th. our
troops Went to Plond Hill & intrencht on Sater-
day Night & on the Sabbath the Kings troops
fired a number of Cannon, & kild one or two of
our men. What we kild of there men we cannot
tell. on Munday one of the Kings Ships came
over Near Winiseinot ferry which Caused an
alarm.

Sept. ye sth. 1775.

General Hows Servant left hm and came to
Chelsea and he told me that there was Not More
than Seven thousand troops in Boston.

Sept. ye 12th. I went to Noddles Island &
then October ye 6th. I went over to Noddles &
Moed Salt Hay & Brought to Chelsea.

Octob. ye roth, General Gage Sailed For Eng-
land in a twenty gun ship.

Newyork Sept. ye 1st. 1776.

We Left Longisland about the 29th of august
and from the 1 of Sept. we ware preparing to
move from the City of N york and did move
Cannon and Stores til the r4th, on which our
Brigade was ordered to move, which we did at
night we left our Baggage to be Brought by
water. but for want of Boats we delayd til the
next morning when the shipping came up the
North river and went by the Baggage and we lost
the best part of it. we marcht the same to har-
lam and from there to fort-washington which was
Sunday the fifteenth of Sept. the Day that the
British troops Landed on york island. the 16th
we went over the ferry to the jerses when the
enemy followed our troops and a Smart fire from
Both sides began and continued Some time but
the enemy were put to the worst and retired with
some loss. We stayd at the ferry two days and
then we marched to hackensack when we stay till
friday then we moved to fort Constitution which
this Same Night the City of York

24th Powels Nook was given up.

 

was the 2oth.
was Set on fire.

 

|
|
|
|

 

 

Octobr 15 our troops evacuated the town of
Bargin and moved to the English Neighbourhood.

Octbr 12th the British troops Landed at Froggs
Neck. :

Octor 18th Genl. Clintons Brigade viz. Col.
Sheepards Regt. Col. Reeds Baldwins & Glovers.
the two former of the Regts. atackd the Enemy
and a part of Col. Baldwins and Maintained their
ground and fire for some time til the Enemy ware
obligd to Retreat. it was comonly Reported that
they were a thousand the worse.

Octobr abour the 21

There was another Small Skermish. Between a
party of our men and Majr Rogers’s Rangers and
thirty of them fel into our hands.

Octbr 22d. a Small Skermish hapned between
Some of our men & a party of theves of which
our men kild 9 and took six.

Octbr 27th on Sunday two ships Came up and
attackd the lines on York island. But we opend
Several Batteries upon them which caused them to
slip their cable after being very much Shattered
and Near a dozen boats were employd to towe
them away after this they attackt our lines and
continud a fire of musketry and field pieces until
Sunset. By the account of Deserters their Loss
was one 100 kild and wounded.

Octobr 28th General McDougall’s Brigade in-
gaged a part of the British troops and a Smart
Skirmish Commenct. Our loss was better than a
Hundred and the loss of the enemy some say five
Hundred others say a thousand. But by the best
authority- their Loss was between five hundred
and a thousand. Octr 29th. twelve Hessians and
ten rigulars marcht through Hackinsack as prison-
ers to Philadelphia taken at the White Plains.

 

Novm 1. 1776. , The Enemy came upon a party
of our troops and they began a fire. our men re-
tired from them with the loss of eight men by one
field piece. Their loss is unknown.

About ten days past the tories had apointed
themselves a Captr and inlisted sixty men and in
order to get more they got one Drunk and then
causd him to sign and take the oath after which
he was Very Sorry. But they would not release
him, then he applied to one of his neighbors.
This time the Committee had Drawn powder and
Ohe Argo. 99

 

arms for the town but these tories Drest them
selves in black and went in the nite and took the
powder and Conceald it But it was soon known
that there was 60 men had inlisted under George
ye 3d. The town soon collected together, they
caught about 25 of tories, the rest made their
Escape into the mountains, But the rest were
committed to Philadelphia jale.

Novm gth. 6 prisoners was sent to Philadelphia
too was Hessians the others ware Deserters from
us and had inlisted under Majr Rogers and w
taken in action.

Novm oth. I Set out from New jersey in order
to join the Regiment.

November 17th. 1776. The British army in-
gaged Fort Washington with 12 or 15 thousand
men there was the heavyest cannonade that ever
my Ears Beheld. The Enemy Carried their Point
But their loss was considerable but as yet is not
oscertained. But the american States Loss was
two thousand the greater part taken Prisoners.
besides cannon & artillaree stores a Large Quan-
tity—Six months Provisions For one thousand
men.

Novm 21st. The British army turnd their —n
towards Newjersey and landed their men about 3
miles below Dobbs Ferry in the nite their pur-
pose was to take Fort Lee, our army being very
much scattered—Some on one Side of the river
and Some on the other. General Washington I
suppose thought proper to leave the fort, the
Enemy have got the fort and considerable of
stores and are now proceeding to Hackinsack.

are

 

THE AINU.

N the northernmost of the four large islands of

the Empire of Japan, which is known in our
geographies as Yesso, but at present is usually call-
ed Hokkaido by the Japanese, there are the re
mains of a race of aboriginees called Ainu or Aino.
Although there has been considerable writing about
these people during the last decade, they are still
far from being well known. They are noted for
their hairiness, and as J do not know of any golden
fleece that needs looking up at the present time,
it may not be inopportune to tell the Argonauts
something of the hairy Ainu, who may prove asub-

Stitute, in case the spirit of adventure should lead
them to set-upon an expedition.

Rev. J. Batchelor of the Church Missionary So-
ciety, has been among the Ainu for several years,
and is the recognized authority on all matters rela-
ting to them.

What | have to tell is drawn largely from his
writings.

The Japanese have always looked down upon
these conquered people and have never thought it
worth while to make any careful investigations con-
cerning them, so there is very little to be learned
from Japanese sources, and a large part of that
little is unreliable.

‘The Ainu themselves do not know whence their
ancestors came, but it seems probable that they
entered Yesso from the Kurile islands.

“The Ainu have no existing literature, nor any
knowledge of characters. All history is transmit-
ted by tradition, and all things are said to have
happened in ancient times. No person knows his
own age.”

The present mumber of Ainu is nearly 17000.
In earlier times they must have been much more
numerous as it seems certain that at one time they
inhabited not only Yesso but also a large portion
of the main island.

Meeting the Japanese they were conquered and
driven back.

Their number continually lessened and is even
now,thought to be slowly decreasing.

Physically the Ainu are said to surpass the Jap-
anese. As has been already noted, they are very
hairy. In frequent cases almost the whole body
is covered with hair.

“The Ainu never shave after a certain age;
they have therefore fine large whiskers and mous-
taches. The hair is black. The eyebrows are
very shaggy. The Ainu have not such a bilious
color to their skin as the Japanese ; but then, they
hardly ever wash, so it is difficult to say what the
real color of the skin is. The Ainu women tattoo
their mouths, arms and in some cases their fore-
heads.”

All who have visited the Ainu speak of the ex-
ceeding dirtiness both of their person and clothing.

This makes them a desirable habitat for small
parasites.

 
30 Ohe Argo.

Mr. Batchelor says that he stayed with an Ainu
family six weeks on one occassion, and two months
on another, and during the whole time he never
oncé saw the family wash either themselves or their
cooking and eating utensils.

Intellectually the Ainu stand very low. They
are undeveloped, but seem to be capable of learn-
ing, as the boys who have been instructed during
the last few years in schools established by the
Japanese government, have no difficulty in keeping
abreast of their Japanese schoolmates.

“All religious ideas are vague and uncertain.
The Ainu are Polytheists. God, the Creator of
all things is supreme, and all the rest are subject
to him. Next in order to the Creator is the Sun-
God or the God whose province it is to take care
of the Sun. Next is the God of the Moon, and
then the God of fire. Then the bear, water and
mountains.” In this sketch I have only introduced
the Ainu and if any wish to pursue the subject, a
very interesting account of a visit to Ainu-land may
be found in Miss Bird’s “ Unbeaten Tracks in
Japan.” M. N. Wyckorr.
PERSONAL.

Prof. J. got a valentine. He said that is was
a little paper heart.

The following officers were elected for the class
of ‘90: President—A. R. Briggs; Vice-Presi-
dent—W. W. Cook; Secretary—Ned Gifford ;
Treasurer—Henry Miller.

A class in chemistry has been organized. “ Ped-
die” and “ Mr. Hart,” are our chemists.

John A. Thurston has returned to school.

“ Shorty” is taking a special course in chemistry
in the college.

Several new students entered the school at the
beginning of the term.

It is proposed that a subscription be taken up to
buy a comb for I. Fisher; if there is any surplus a
cake of soap will be purchased for “ Peddie,”

Johnnie S. thinks that the old Greek yoke cor-
responds to the modern saddle!

“Lud” and “ Wattie” are our professional
boxers.

 

 

 

Perhaps we shall organize a Red Headed Club,
as we have abundance of material.
Schuyler Clark has the scarlatina in a mild

form. He is much missed in school.

We expect to orgauize a base ball team in a
few weeks, if the weather continues as warm as It
has so far this season.

The attendance on the Y. M. C. A. meetings
during the past few weeks, we are glad to say, has
greatly increased. The meetings are now held in
Prof. Newton’s room instead of in Prof. Cum-

mings’ room as before.

A Gun Club has been organized at the Gram-
mar School, under the title of The Grammar
School Gun Club. ‘The following are the officers

and members :

J. G. Blackwell, President; W. C. Van Slyke,
Secretary and ‘Treasurer ; Syd. Randall, Field Cap.

The club is expected to practice once every two
weeks. All desiring to join should hand their
names to one of the officers.

“Shorty” and “Parson” were invited to
attend a “taffy pull.” The gents were to take
molasses. This treat was a rare one to Shorty»
(poor fellow) and fearing that he could not locate
the house in the darkness he took a walk around
that way in the P. M. Parson started immediately
after supper with a huge bottle of molasses.
When he returned he said that he had not attended
the “taffy pull,” as he could not find the place.
We wonder what he did with the molasses.

DINNA BE SAE SWEET.

If we wadna hae me reelin’

Doun the village street,

Drunk wi’ love, pray hae some feelin’—
Dinna be sae sweet !

If ye wadna hae me linger,
Fou-like, at your feet,
Worshippin’ your little finger,
Dinna be sae sweet !

If ye wadna hae me hover
Round the mercy seat ;

If ye wadna hae a lover,
Dinna be sae sweet !

If ye wadna haunt my fancy,

Dinna be sae neat—

Dinna be yourself, my Nancy,
Dinna be sae sweet !—Zeston Globe,
 

Y. MCA
March 7—Subject: “ Consis we
VL; 10-18, onsistent Living." Eph,
Leader—F. C. Van Dyck, Jr
March 14—Subject ; « Poll . a
Luke V.: 1-12. owing Christ."

Leader—sS. K., Siver.

March 21—Subject :
Kings V.: 1-19.

Leader—John H. Thompson.

March 28—Subject: «|
12-33

Leader—Irving S. ‘Tompkins.

“Sin, and its cure.”"—TII,

-ove."—John VIL:

Sela
CHIPS.
‘Your board is pretty high,

Mrs. Brown.”
~ That's so no one can jump it.”

Spring is the regular time for the National game,
but the Glee Club has its bass bawl in the Winter
season.

When the Faculty of the School meet for mutual
reproof and exhortation, they have to be sure that

one member is absent before they venture to speak
of their short Cummings.

A Literary Conversation.—Jack : “ Say, Gus; if
a messenger boy were bringing me a private letter,
I'd evidently hope the letter would’nt be bashful.”

Gus. “ Why?”

Jack. “ Because I'd be afraid it would blush so
it would be read before it got to me.”

We sometimes, in our reading, find statements
which are funny, without trying to be; e. g. “She
held out her hand as he approached; he put his
knee to the ground, and kissed it.”

It is said that a certain young lady remarked the
other day that this would be a pretty good place,
if it wasn’t for the college. The next time the
Sophomores want to take the tongue out of a belle
they should turn their attention to this damsel.

Marshall P. Wilder tells a good story of a.young
New Yorker who took his girl toa Bowery Ball.
After dancing a while, he said, ** What will you
take, Tildy ?”

“Well, a guess I’ll have some Champagne,”

" (fuess again,” said the youth,

_ She Argo. 31

 

Speaking of Base Ball.—One morning at break-
fast, there were not enough griddle-cakes, and
somebody upset the syrup jug.

“My dear,” said Mr. Jones, “ This reminds me
of the last base ball game I saw,”

“Why, how is that?”

“ The batter gave out, and pitcher was cracked.”

Guest (who has spent half an hour trying to get
a waiter to bring him a ten-minute lunch.) “ Land-
lord, your waiters are like time and tide.” Lan¢-
lord, rubbing his hands, “ Yes sir; I flatter my-
self they're pretty regular.”

Guest. “Oh, it ’sn’t that; but—they wait for
no man.”

This from the
paper.

head-lines of a New York

“The Narrow Escape from the Flames of a
Janitor’s Wife.” .

And this from a New Brunswick Daily.

“An Employee of P. T. Babbitt, passes away on
the day he dies.”

The last reminds us of an old friend who used
to say how thankful we should be that death comes
at the latter part of life instead of at the otherend!

Mr. Honeymoon—* Did you sew that button
on my coat, darling ?”

Mrs. Honeymoon—‘ No, sweetheart ; I couldn't
find the button. But I sewed up the buttonhole
and it’s all right.”"— Christian at Work.

“A conscience void of offence is a good thing,
but a farm void of a fence is quite another mat-
ter."— Cin, Sat. Night.

EXAMINATION WEEK — Professor (cheerily) :
“Yes, Ihave examined your paper, Mr. Skinner,
You have some ideas on the subject, but you
don’t express yourself very clearly. You don’t
seem to have the power of bringing your know-
ledge out.”

Student (hastily): “How could I bring my
knowledge out when you didn’t turn your back to
me for a second ?”

Then, as he sees the Professor carefully erase
his mark and substitute a mnch lower one, he
realizes that he has given himself away, and that
“in the bright examination of youth there is such
a word as fail,”"—Zife,
32 Ohe Arga.

 

““ Win. IH. Cooper, Jr.,

{ufgers Aellege,

New Brunswick, N. J.
Term opened September 19th, 1889.

SLOAN PRIZES

For tim Rest (Crasstean) Eyrrance Examia-
tions: First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, §
($50 cash).

Twenty Professors, | No tutors, ‘Th
thorough, Electiv » in Histo
German, Fre
istry, Physics
‘Lhe Scientific Bevactuant is the New ‘Jamey

State College. 50 Free Scholarships.

 

   
     

Avply to your County Superintendent of Pducation, or to the
Pre side ent of th

eal Ss
four Years cach
Chemistry.”

A New Course in Electricity.
in Envineering and

‘y, With full appa.
macal Observatory

  

‘ine School of High Grade, Three Courses of
neineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture and

 

 

Thorough work, with careful field fig?
Serveying. Careful Laboratory work 4
ratus for each student, A we
for Student's use,

A New $40,000 Laboratory

for the Chemical and Bioloxical work of the State Agricultural F
Moet eeracad nd the State Collewe under the Hutch ill aero.

priation of $15,000 per annum,

   

 

 

eatipped 4

For Catalogue or for any information address Ixvine
S. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College,

Merritt Epwarp Gates, Ph. D., LL.D., L.H.D.,
President.

TAPKEN 43° MILLER,
CU atchmakers & Jewelers,

69 OCOHURCH STREET,
New Buousswick, N, J.

 

The Best a 6 } OES OF : EVER Yy DES CRIPTI ong

Successor to Cooper Brothers,

25 CHURCH STREET.

av

{9

|
4

Ayo

| onseuu

‘aSlOoY Voyg pur yoog
‘STUUO

S.C T4I4SNYW o ONIGUYH
* ‘OntoON a &

“IVIAZE UNV FTVSITIOHM %*

OY) UL SadHIq ISeMO7T IW ‘UONdiosap L1dA9 Jo sa0ys ysoUL] puy

WW 29000 G
Te g-100.]

| - |
Printine

» Do it yourself. Card pre Cireular press
) Size for small newspaper Everything e
+ printed rules. Send 2 stamps for Catalogue of
] presses, type, paper, cards, &e., to factory.
|

    

KELSEY & CO.,,
Menivex, Conn,

 
A
4

Me

=» HY xX Xa,

— Ss u \ c AH 9

DAVISON & WMESON:
(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B, KILMER,) -

pure Drugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and Mineral

Waters, Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and other
Waters, Photographic Supplies.
Opera * House « Drug «Store,

Wa. M. Davison.

MASONIC HALL. Garret WILSON.
SCHOOL AND COLLEGE ae NEW ae
STEXT-BOOKS Clothing House,

English Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern 57 Church Street.
Languages, Philosophy, Mathematics,

1 iti St i NTON G. D. McCOY, Manager.
History, Political Science, ete., era

WE CARRY THE FINEST

REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS, : : ;
BR? # E Oo
White's Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s % READY M ADE STOG K

. oy sale 5 : ~ ; THAT WAS EVER IN NEW
Latin-English Dictionary, Liddell & Scott's BRUNSWICK, AND GUARAN-
Greek Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

TEE ALL GOCDS AS REPRE-
THe NATIONAL MUSIC COURSE,

SENTED.
x SUR CUSTOM DEPARTMENT
Recently adopted by the New Brunswick

School Board. Send for Catalogue. IS WITHOUT OPPOSITION,
AND ALL WORK DONE IN
GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N. Y. THE BEST MANNER,
0.0.STILLMAN, ISAAC C, BATES,

DEALER IN

Diamonds, Watches, @ateter and Gonfectioner,

JEWELRY AND Srennine SILVER,
(Soclety Pins of all Kinds Made to Order. )
No, 49 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and
S ippers.
109 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

WM. H. FISHER & CO,,
Mercuant -:- Tattors
AND CLOTHIERS,
ka Athletic Goods a Specialty. com

G. D. W, KELSO,
College Book Store,

FINE STATIONERY,
Athletic Go

1s, W aterman’s
ountain Pen

 
 

Rutgers College Grammar School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
Founpep 1766.

~<——Next Quarter Begins February 10th, 1890.—».»
FE. Hf. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., lead Master.

ug INSTRUCTORS. — ~

Es Hh COOK, A My PhD, Heed Mast, Spe” MAS. W.  KEHTOR,

French,

  

Latin and Mathematica. Ya

WALTER R. HEWTON, A, My ee, MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,

Preceptress of Preparatory and Primary De-
Latin and German,

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B,

Greek and Mathematics.

CS. JOHKSON,

Mathematics and English.

MN WYCKOFF, A Mh,

Chemistry and Physics.

partments,

AMIS ELOISE TROTT,

Aasistant in Primary Department.

JNU M. MHITE,

Sterard and Janitor.

MRS, J.B, WHITE;

Matron,

 

 

] R. COOK, in assuming the Head Mastership of this school, desires to assure its former patrons and friends that no efforts
will be spared to place this Institution in the front rank of schools of a similar character,
While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Sehools will be its chief aim ; attention will also be paid to
students desiring to prepare for business,
Mrs. Cook, an educated and refined lady of earnest Christian character, will unite with her husband in making a pleasant
and attractive home for the pupils.
The number of pupils at the ** Home” is limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

ADMISSION.
Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work.
It is earnestly urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or
quarter. The class work will hegin promptly at the opening of school.
Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of

the chureh he has attended. Ls
RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.
The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian character as well. On Sundays the
pupils of the Grammar School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswick Theological
Seminary, at Kirkpatrick Chapel. Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school, thrown open to the pupils of the Gram-
mar School the Library connected with Rutgers College. Libraries of nearly 70,090. volumes are accessible to the students.

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School. one in which the recitations are held and the other In which the boys
live with the Head Master. These are five to ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insure every student some ex-
ercise in the open air.

The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition, Ample grounds are provided for out-door games.

DAY PUPILS.
Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend schoo! daily and reside at home. Trains

arrive at all hours of the day and special school rates can be obtained from the railroad.
For day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows :

   

 

 

 

 
  

 

First and Seeond Primary. . $8 Per Quarter. Second Year Classical and Scientifie..........816 Per Quarter,
Third and Fourth =‘ wos g Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and
First and Second Preparato: 1a. '¢ i SCHON HAG. .isssacssssccisoasecedacenesovensessenenes 8

 

First Year Classical and Selentiflc Mo

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, eare of room, fuel, lights, tultion, ete., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly tn acdoane-.
Suites and single rooms, $100 per quarter.

PREPARATORY AND PRIMARY DEPARTMENTS.
The work in this department is designed to prepare boys of the youngest school age for the more advanced work of the
school. The number of pupils is limited. Special care is taken in regard to the morals and languag> of each boy

TO INTRODUCE DR. EB. H. COOK.

The Trustees feel confident that under the direction of Du. Coox, supported in the work among the younger boys by another
teacher of almost national reputation, Miss Esturr A. ANprews, and by a corps of capable assistants, the Grammar School will
do its work with an intelligent thoroughness which can be equalled at few schools in the country. They confidently commend
the school to the eitizens of New Brunswick, to the friends of the College, and to all who have 8 to be carefully educate

For the Trustees, MERRILL FE. GATES, President of the
For any further information address E. IL. Coox, Ph:D., Head Master Rutgers College Grammar School, New Branswick, N..J.

 

    
      
      
