“WINN Rep g:

Rutgers College Preparatory School, ” ff
fe Me oy

 

& he CONGENGS

2
2
s
.
#
s

: |
Re eR

 

=

- = PAGE,

2 £ ‘
- Se Editorials. ..... Sho tant cee. Se aRees ae 17
s h 6) ‘= Rondeaw of Marie, Singing. ....... 003.6002 sao 18
é : is An_Atiswer to Auntie. . o's nc's woe da CRS ee eee 18
- if UW. Suede eed sae ngess owclie nels lou Cena 19
” An # In Forma Pauperis.<.....2: 4.2.0.2: 5 20
° é The Rounded, Lifes...) ees 2 ee
e " ef Personals... 0.0.02... 0.050 3's 10 sie oo Rie S20)
- 2 Obituary Notice.....20.. eka eae ee 20
° Subjects and Leaders... .. So. ulohiwipls. cts ean 20
Don't ee oe ae Se Pee oe Chto es ere os eae 33 22|
2 Squeaks ccc 3s cb Are wee CR URE 22
: Snid’s Spark se at aoc cae eek ela oa i 23
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J-: a
Frepontan Pupiisuinc Company's Printinc House. ‘
189e. ‘

ieiatesiaiie ne aS eee

 

 
 
 

GHE eee

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.,

 

The. Meco

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

Bulger ee oy School,

 

Vou, IL. New Brunswick, N. J., Dec., 1890,

   

BOARD OF EDITORS:
C. W. GULICK, 791, J, P. STOUT, ’91,

Senior Editors,

J. E. JENNINGS, ', W. B. COLLIER, 2, SHUBEL K. SIVER, '92,
Associate Kditors,
A, SCHUYLER CLARK, ‘91, R. K. PAINTER, ’91,
Business Managers.
eee eee nee reentry
One copy, one yeay, seventy-five cents,

All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
©. W. Gutick, New Brunswick, N.J.,and must be accompanied
with the name of the author,

 

 

E were much pleased to receive an answer
to “ Auntie.” e always gladly welcome
communications of any sort, although we cannot
promise always to publish them. “Auntie” may
possibly have some reply to make to “Y.” If so,
we shall be glad to continue the discussion. We
refrain from making any comments on the subject,
as it is a little eet our sphere.

F you have wad our paper through you must

have seen our “squeak” column.

In as much as all our jokes are original, we
think that we have succeeded fairly well. But we
could do much better if every one in school would
keep a pencil and paper in his pocket, and when-
ever anything funny happens would jot it down
and hand it tous. So many funny things-happen

- around the school house and “ Trap,” that if all
were published our “squeaks” would be too loud
even for a school of “ Rats.”

But if all the fellows will collect and send in
each and every “squeak,” we will select and re-
vise, and the result will be a better funny column
than we have had for many a day,

 

 

DECES EMBER, 1 1890. No. 3.

 

ap call the attention of the new boys to the

article entitled “ Don'ts.” The new boys
were fresh, we found, when school opened. We
expected that, so in the last two issues of THE
Arco made no comment upon the fact. However
they still continue fresh, much to our sorrow, and
we have decided to give them a few points as to
their behavior. We hope that they will carefully
read the “Don'ts” and ponder over them. If
they need interpretation, we are willing to. assist
any anxious searcher after points. Apply at head
quarters.

HE Preparatory School extends its congratu
lations to Dr. Scott, who has been chosen
so judiciously to fill the vacant chair of President
of Rutgers College. Dr. Scott, after graduating
from Yale in 1869, took a year at the University
of Michigan, and from 1870 to 1873 was engaged
in the study of History at the Universities of Ber-
lin and Leipsic. At present he is Professor of
History, Political Economy and Constitutional
Law in the College. Now that Rutgers has se-
cured so able a leader, let her continue the boom
which has so recently filled her with renewed
vigor.

Qo" December come the Holidays. Now

the school boy is counting up what little
cash he has on hand and is wondering how he will
buy Christmas presents for all his friends; or he
may be wondering how he can manage to get his
mother and father to buy them for him. If he
had expended as much care in keeping his money,
he would now have no trouble.

It will come out all right, however. His mother
will be as pleased with the book he gives her as
though she did not know his father had bought it;
his father will be so surprised that his gloves are
“just what he wanted;” that his son will not sus-
pect that he had been asked what kind he wanted;
his sister will be as delighted with her gilded
bracelet as if it were solid gold; and his smal!

 

 
 

She Argo.

See ee
boy will admit it, though T am sure ;

brother—but who expects 4 seven-year old boy to
pretend that he is satisfied with a candy elephant
when he was expecting something else? Still, that
is not a serious drawback to the enjoyment of the
day. How rich he himself will be! What presents
he will get and what joy it will be to compare
them with those of the other fellows when he gets

back to school !

The time for turning over the new leaves and
making good resolves is only a week more ses
he

tant, Then the diaries will be begun also.
diaries will be kept up in good shape, the good re-
solves in almost as perfect styles until about Feb-
ruary; and then by March we fear that they will
both be laid away for the rest of the year.

Yes, the season of joy and good will, of giving
and receiving, of turkeys and of mince pies is at
hand, and also the season of settling up and be.
ginning one’s new accounts. We wish our read-
ers a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year,

 

RONDEAU OF MARIE, SINGING.
FROM A, DE MUSSET.

When Marie:sings, the throbbing melody
Thrills her with all-pervading ecstacy,
As, when in spring, the first soft breezes blow,

A flower’s petals, opening gently, show
What sweetness in its perfumed heart may be.

The slender stalk trembles in sympathy
To know the blossom from its bands is free ;
So her fair body feels an answering glow
When Marie sings.

And as her fragrant lips part joyously,
A vision iu her starry eyes I see,
As if her soul, loosed from all care and woe
Soared out into those regions none can know,
Borne heavenward on the wings of harmony,
When Marie sings. ie

AN ANSWER TO “AUNTIE.”

N the November number of THE Arco I read
with interest “The Wail of the Old Maid,»
and though I am not an old, but a young maid,
I should like to say something to “ Auntie.”
I am glad that you acknowledge that girls are
superior to boys; of course, as I am a girl, I have
no doubt of the veracity of that statement, but not

 

D his
h You

every boy f
heart he believes it to be true. I agree wit

when you think your lot rather a hard one,

Why should you want the blankets to ry} :
face? It is exceedingly unpleasant, | know .
experience. }

T never “spend five minutes arranging my tie”
put I often consume twice that time in braj ing
my hair before it suits me.

I think a sister should encourage her brother jy
his desire to appear neat and gentlemanly. Ain
much prefers as her escort a fellow who is particy.
lar in all little personal matters, and who always
looks nice and neat, to one who is evidently dressed
for the occasion.

You speak of boys learning to sew. I know one
who sews, and who does it nicely! His buttons
are held in position with such fixity of purpose and
strong determination (as well as thread) that even
foot-ball is ineffectual in removing them! !

Will you not allow me to suggest that next
summer you wear g/oves during the operation of
weeding. They would preserve the softness and
whiteness of your manual extremities wonderfully.
When you retire also put cold cream, and then
gloves upon your hands, and you will be delighted
with the result.

If you are artistically inclined, do not waste
your energy on a barn door or a fence, particular-
ly New Brunswick fences, but study the plans for
the new College Gym., and if your soul thrills
with true musical appreciation, go to the “Trap :
early and listen to the Glee Club practice, but
don’t take to the mouth organ or jews-harp.

J. M. K. is right when she envies the free life of
a boy.
How would a boy enjoy it, if whenever he de-
sired to go anywhere, the momentous question °
a suitable escort must first be satisfactorily settled,
and if an unfortunate girl like myself has ne
brother and'she is not allowed to go without :
chaperone, alas! for her. Often must she s!Y at
home, when, if she was a boy, she could put
her hat and go where she liked and retum W
it suited her pleasure.

If you were a girl, you would soon, ye
soon, wish to return to your boyish freedom.

S yely
Ohe Arya, 19

I know boys who can sew, make a bed, walk
across the floor without accident, and play the
piano (unfortunately for their families); but I
have yet failed to find the one who could hold a
baby. ‘Though there may be some who can master
that difficult accomplishment, I think that they
are few and far between.

However let the boy be glad that he zs a boy,
and enjoy his privileges to their utmost capacity,
pursuing the even tenor of his way, although he
may be called “ Old Maid” and kindred compli-
mentary names; and in like manner, let the girl
rejoice in her girlhood, enjoying Aer privileges
which boys do not share and do her best to make
her boy friends honor, esteem and respect her, be-
cause of her true and noble girlhood. ¥.

U.S.

S. What does that mean to you as your eye

* sees it? Just think a moment. U.5S.—

United States. Of what? United States of

America—* Our Country.” Does any thrill pass
over you as you see those letters ?

J remember one time when I saw them and felt
thnlled. ‘And on what do you suppose they were?
Nothing but a homely old dredger and a trim
little tug down on our old Raritan River.

Tt came about in this wise. On election day
two years ago my room-mate and I resolved to go
on an excursion of some sort. We finally decided
that we would take the S. S. Mew Brunswick

- down to Perth Amboy and walk back up the river.

I wish I had the space to write about the start
before breakfast, the sail down the river, the ex-
ploration of quaint old Perth Amboy and flimsy
and uninteresting South Amboy, the walk back
visiting the brick yards on the way, the lunch on
crackers and cheese, and the arrival in New Bruns-
wick tired and happy. I am sure it would be in-
teresting but I started to tell about the U.S. I
saw.

I am one of those unfortunates—as they are
usually considered—who was born abroad, I
consider it an advantage in many ways not the
least of which is the traveling such a person must
enjoy. The misfortune may lie in the probability

 

 

that he is not eligible for the presidency, but
even that is disputed.

The city in which [ was born and in which I
lived for a number of years was a seaport and
every once in a while would be visited by an
American man-of-war. Any one familiar with
the navy knows that the name of the vessel
whether on the ship herself or on the ribbons of
of the sailor's hats is preceded by U.S. S. stand-
ing for United States Ship. There was where I
first saw the U. S. and all recollections of the
letters date back to that time and are connected
in a certain manner with the navy.

In the childish way, I at first looked merely at
what I could see. The navy was what stood for
the United States in my mind. Consequently I
felt obliged to stand up for the navy through thick
and thin and that was no easy undertaking for
most of the representatives of the American navy
abroad are a pitiful sight compared to the magnifi-
cent vessels of other navies. I well remember
how severely my patriotism and temper were taxed
in the arguments I had with an English playmate
about are countries—or navies, rather, as that was
what we knew most about and generally discussed.
I was aware that he had the best of the argument
but would never give in.

How proud I was when an American man-of-
war which was of some slight account came in
port and I saw the stars and stripes floating, heard
the band playing Yankee Doodle and Hail
Columbia and met officers and men on the streets
in the uniform of the United States navy!

As I grew older and read papers and books I
commenced to get some idea of the land of my
forefathers and you may be sure that my parents
—good Americans they were—did not neglect
teaching me about old Uncle Sam either. So my
mind began to appreciate better the meaning of
U.S. I saw that even the contemptible little —
Palos — patched-up tug she was with a few
howitzers for armament—had some little worth on
account of the U. S. before her name.

When I came to this country to school, what
did I see of the United States of which I had
thought, and for which I had argued so often? I
 

Ohe Arg.

20

 

Lo

i i se no Visi-
confess I was disappointed. I could see n
ble power of a great nation. ae
, a the
L could not doubt Germany's might w
or France’s while in France. In those

Germany,
H es n govern-

countries soldiers, policeman and others in govt
while fortifications

Here
nation.

ment employ were everywhere,
and garrisons were in every important city.
however there seemed to be no
What did not belong to the country ; was
owned by the séaé. Even the militia —
poor attempts at soldiers #ey seemed after
seeing a German regiment—were sfate militia.
And the forts at the entrance to New York harbor
you may ask. I saw them certainly and thought
them quite—picturesque. They did not look
very formidable after the fortifications along the
Rhine. 1 saw men-of war in New York harbor
also but too far off to be impressed (?) very strong-
ly by them. Why the question mark? Did you
ever see a British fleet ?. You cannot, or you would
not ask such a question.

I knew, to be sure, that this was the country of
the Revolution, of the war of 1812, of the Rebel-
lion and knew that at those times her armies and
her navies—her visible signs of power—had won
for her great battles and bright laurels. They
had caused the strongest nations to respect her
then, but where now was anything which showed
her strength ?

Such wasthe way I felt on that election day
sailing down the river as we passed a dredger
with a tug alongside. Do you wonder that I felt
suddenly thrilled when I noticed on the dredger’s
side “U. S. Dredger No.—”? Does it surprise
you that the thrill was intensified by a second look
at the tug which had a ship-shape, naval look
with fresh paint and bright brass work, an Ameri-
ean flag at her stern, and also bearing U.S. asa
sign of her ownership ?

I really did not know how I had longed to see
something of l ncle Sam's tll then. J suppose
that the surprise at seeing it right here on the old

Raritan and when I was least ex i
© feast Expecting it adde.
to the pleasure. 3g —

The rememberance of “s
‘ iberance of that sight made me for.

eful scenes [ saw
'y—the rough crowds at the polls
>

get to some extent the disgrac
later in the d

 

the men who were none too sober, and thee
of an election only too evident. After 9 few
when the returns were in and again why
changes caused by the election were accep e
without a murmur by all this immense nation |

realized that, after all, there is somethin

‘ : 3 Ss Some
power in the nation, which makes the simple ti
itials U. S. respected wherever they may et

Tau Rawp,

IN FORMA PAUPERIS,
Sweetheart, what gift can I find meet for thee
Who art thyself so rare a treasure? Say

Whether soft silken vestments from Cathay,
Or delicate fabrics carved in ivory,

Or pearls from caverns of the Indian sea
May please thee ? All the city’s marts are gay
With costly merchandise from far away ;
Surely some worthy tribute there must be.

Nay, Sweet, thy beauty needs no silk attire,
And pearls seemed soiled beside thy purity ;
So I come empty-handed to thy side,
Asking, not giving. Thou wilt not deride?
Then, for the love that I have borne to thee,
Give me thyself, whom only I desire !
December, 1890. a H.

THE ROUNDED LIFE.

le is well to remember that the most beautiful

and helpful lives are those which are most
fully rounded, most completely developed o
every side. Look at the men and women who
come nearest to you in the way of influence and
sympathy. Are they not almost invariably per
sons of ju//-orbed character; persons no part
of whose better nature is altogether repressed ?
Do they not appeal to you because they are 50
fundamental in their conception of life ? The
large, breezy, hopeful outlook is theirs; and It
is theirs because they live on a higher 4
broader plane than the men and women a
are tied down to prescriptive notions and spe™
graces.

The time has come for young Christ
appropriate the truth that the gospel which they
profess is good for all of life. It is just 5 8°
for a picnic as it is for a funeral. It is jute
good for a shop or a school as it is for 4 meeting

ristians 10
Ohe Argn. 21

 

 

 

house. It is good to make rounded lives and
characters. There is nothing in it inimical to
anything which is good, true, mmocent and help-
ful. What the church wants to-day are fresh
young lives, round as the full circle of our multi-
form human existence, and full to the circumfer-
ence with the vital truth of the gospel. Religion

is not simply for our Sunday souls. It is for the
whole annular man.

PERSONALS.

* Peddie,” ‘90, has the position of assistant or-
ganist in the College Chapel—when the other
crank won't work.

None of the ex-“ Rats” hold offices in the fresh-
man class,

We hear that Thurston, ‘go, is under the im-
pression that tigers eat grass, but as “ Peddie”
says: ‘All flesh is grass.”

“ Peddie” bet stews with a Sophomore that he
(Peddie) would not be stuck in two subjects this
term.

Thompkins, *90, 1s learningthe zither.

When * Uncle Josh” was asked by the folks at
home who the * Uncle Josh” mentioned in ‘THE
ARGO was, he replied, “ Oh, some country pump-
kin down at the school.”

Prof. wants to know if Woolly” has a maid.
He certainly gets “Uncle Josh” to tie his neck-tie.

Who got the tin type he would not show the
the fellows ?

Who is ‘not in it at all ?”

The name of the new boy at the © Trap”. is
Charles Martin, and he comes from Sayreville,
New Jersey.

The fellows are now wondering how many let-
ters Jerusha writes ** Solomon” each week.

Mr. van Allen belongs to the “Dutch Club.”
At least that is what one of the fellows said; he
may have meant the Holland Society.

John Osborn is in Packard’s Business College,
New York city, in the senior class.

J. W. F. Neifis a Junior in the Albany Medi-
cal College.

L. Lawrence is an insurance broker on Nassau
street, New York.

T. S. L. Seaman is in the Union ‘Trust Com-
pany, 80 Broadway, New York.

On Dec. 4th “Snid” shaved his “stash” off and
did not go to school for fear of catching cold.

“Uncle Pete” took his kooks home with him
* to show the folks the pictures in them.”

Pop’s report of the President's speech: Dr.
Scott made a fine speech, the fellows cheered a lot

and we came back. That’s all.”
a

OBLTUARY NOTICE.
N Sunday morning December 7, Rev. William
Henry Campbell, D.D., LL. D., after a long
illness peacefully passed away from this life.

Dr. Campbell was born in Baltimore on Septem-
ber rth, 1808. He graduated from Dickinson
College in 1828 and three years later from the
Theological Seminary at Princeton. He was
President of Rutgers College from 1863 to 1881
althought continuing to act as President until his
successor was inaugurated in 1882.

While President of the College he was a warm
friend and benefactor of the Grammar School.
Prof. Riley became Headmaster of the School
and with Dr. Campbell's cooperation succeeded
in raising the School from the low state in which
it had fallen to the position of a first class prepara-
tory school. The school building was remodeled,
enlarged and refurnished at the expense of
$15,000 which Dr. Campbell was instrumental in

raising and the number of pupils was more than

doubled.
a a

SUBJECTS AND LEADERS.

Many persons whose names appear on the
record book as members of the Y. M. C. A. have
not yet been seen in any of the meetings during
the present school term. ‘Turn over a new leaf
and attend the meetings next year.

Jan. 8.“ Rewards of Trust.” Leader, George
Janeway.

Jan. 15. “Sowing and Reaping.” Leader, J.
P. Stout.

Jan. 22. “ Our Temptations:” Leader, W.
H. Green.

Jan. 29. “Doubt.” Leader, J. E. Jennings.

 

 
ER LEER

eh Cis) WSO ts

am

 

 

 

he Arge.

22

SQUEAKS.
a room they

llows are gathered in
Prof,

Cummings) of the
ron their coats

When tho fe
fear the comings (
" « fur?”

What do people weat fu
Why is * Wooly ike a cigarette but?
« Uncle Pete’s” room

Because he gets fired from

so often.
Why is “
Because he ist

It is asneezy thing to snee
tit is quite a serious kid-

Simon ” like the Queen of Sheba?
ather fond of « Solomon.”

ze in this weather.

If a youngster is upse
astrophe.

Prof.— They have executed another murderer
in Russia.”

Wooly, (who wasn't paying attention)
tricity? What are you all laughing at ?

Prof—Well, it was shocking at least.

—By elec-

It is scarcely jew-ditious to call a large fellow
“ Sheeny.” It may be really dan-jew-rous.

It would be a face-tious idea to put w—’s
portrait in Tue Arco.

One of the fellows said he came near getting 10
in all his lessons—it only needed 1 before each o.

Where is “ Wooly’s” cake?

Is Warren dead ?

A rather difficult command to obey:  “ Hand
me your paper, whether you got it or not.”

W—— says that if he could get hold of an
Arco without his name in it, he would keep and
“relic” it

A new meaning has been discovered for Q. E.
D. Those pleasing letters having been left on the
black board over night, were found in the morning
e have been filled out in something like the fol-
owing way: “Q.uite E.asily D.one.”

The other day Prof, N—— gave us a “ positive |
statement of a superlative fact.” |

The member from out west is a broker.
usually has a corner on bread stuffs,

He

Ma is quite “ Stout.”

 

DONTT’S,

Don't think this is for the old boys, ip is f
8 it fs
new oncs. OF the
Don’t think that because you have bee
: ; > been
since school opened this year that you are a here
are ay
boy. old
Don’t think you know more than the old fel
2 lows,

The probabilities are that you do not—aj
; —abo
school and New Brunswick at least, "

Don't think if you have been in other schoo)
that you know all about “is. You don’, '

Ye 2 > a $ .

Don’t call the old fellows by their nicknames
unless the names were given them after you caime
here. ‘There is nothing fresher than calling ay
old fellow by his nickname as soon as you come
in school.

Don’t believe every thing you hear unless you
like to be taken in.

Don’t fail to use your brains—if you brought
them with you.

Don't fail to be humble in your demeanor to-
wards the old fellows. You have no record of
which to be proud so far as they know.

Don't on the other hand, be servile and too
humble. Zzat’s fresh and shows you don’t know

much.

Don’t forget to mind your own business. ‘The
old boys can run affairs without your help, or, if
they need help, they won't be backward in asking
for it.

Don’t complain about New Brunswick and the
school, saying they are slow. What made yo!
come here? And if you don’t like it, we a” get
on without you.

Don’t tell us you came from the country:
you did, we know it.

Don't try too hard to get the best of an e
fellow. You will probably get left or De I
back with interest.

college

Don’t tell about your big brother in
He dosen't make you any less verdant.

 
Ghe Arges. 28

Don't brag about your smartness. Your marks
will tell us that, and you will find that tere are
other boys whom nature has endowed just as well
as yourself,

Don’t ask too many questions. You will find
out lots of things by simply awaiting developments.

Don’t ape the old boys in all things. Even
they make mistakes.

Don’t wear your hat on one side of your head,
walk as though you owned the town, brag too
much, or above all things don’t, we beseech you,
learn to smoke.

Don’t be homesick. There is no need of being
so foolish.

Don’t, however, forget your home either in re-
spect to writing or by doing any thing which will
displease your parents or friends.

Don't fail to follow this advise and you will be-
come a credit to yourself, the school, and your
family.

SNID’S SPARK.

C., to Snid.—“ Where have you been last
night ?”

Snid.—“ Down to the Christian Endeavor.”

C.—** Did you come home ?”

Snid.—* Yes, sir.”

C.—* But you wasn’t in your room.”

Snid.—* No, sir, I wasn’t.”

C.—*“ Where did you spend your time ?”

Snid.—“ With Susie.”

C.—* Who ?”

Snid.—* Yes, well, well, oh my, Mr., that Mr.
R., Mr. R., with that Mr. Rottger.”

Snid——* Prof., can’t I room up in the ‘ Bowery ?” ”

Prof.—‘“ The ‘Bowery?’ Why it takes two
men to keep it quiet now. If you get up there,
I'll have to move my room up too.”

 

Prof. Tulu, looking at L. and giving his opinion
about smoking cigarettes to the class.

Said L.—* Thunder! I don’t like that ; why are
you looking at me so for ?”

Prof. Tulu—I do not always, but I beg your
everlasting pardon, Monsieur.”

 

THE GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

IMPORTING RETAILERS IN

TEGS, COFFEES,
Baking RPewder

And CONDENSED MILK,

Gor. Peace & Church Sis.,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.

8a 200 Stores in the United States.

 

wv

aS “as
aes cc
ras —_
La sat
—_ el,
Qu. —
= —s
oS om
a> =

wy

ee nN

 

OYS, you are all invited to visit our

new and spacious store. We take
pleasure in showing our friends around.
When you want to purchase anything
in the way of Wearing Apparel, we guar-
antee to give the best value at the low-
est prices. We are the Largest Outfit-
ters in the State.

SPECIAL:—We carry a full line of Sporting
Goods.

A. WOLFSON & SONS) New ediSwicks N92”

 
Ohe Arga.

D4

dion, and any kind

3 Jall, ‘Tennis, Rece
Base Ball, ‘Te : 1 do you good

e

[yulners 4) ollene,

New Brunswiek, N. J.

Term openod Septomber 17th, 1890,

SLOAN PRIZES

For rie Bes (Cuassrean) Eyrrance Hxamiya
rrons : First, $400 (S100 eash) ; Second, $850

($50 cash).

‘Ywenty Professors, No tutors, ‘The classical conrse as ample and
thorough, Elective course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin,
German, French, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathonmutios, Astronomy, Chem
istry, Physics and Buglish Literature in danior and Senior years.

The Scientitic Department is the New Jersey
State College. 50 Free Scholarships.

Apply to your County Superintendent of Hducation, or to the
President of the Collexe

A Practical Scientific School of High Grade. Three Courses of
Four Years each—" Engineering and Mechunies," " Agriculture and
Chemistry."

A New Course in Electricity.

 

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying, Carefnl Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa.
ratus f each student, A well-equipped Astronomical Observatory
for Student's use.

A New $40,000 Laboratory
for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Aricultural Expe-

riment Station and the State College under the “ ”
priation of $14,000 per manta, : ne eel BULA an zo

 

: For Catulogue or for any information address Irvixa
S. Upsoy, Librarian, Rutgers College
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D.,

President.

TAPKEN. s° MILLER,
Watchmakers & Jewelers,

59 OHURCTI STREET
New Brunswiex, N. J. :

SILVER, BURDETT & C0., Publisters,

NO R M \] MUSIC COURS,
NC MAL COURSE IN READING

REVIEW SYSTEM OF Wrypr

wey : \ ;
COURSE IN SPELLING. nN
sition; Rhetoric :

Mace Conn's Aistorical Publications
Young Folks' Library, :

 

 

eet
Welsh's Grammars; Campo:

Stowell'e 4 Healthy Rody, ete, ete,

YOUNG MEN, LOOK! “""""

25 OHURCII BT
of Shoes you may wish for.
ner’ Prices Low,

52 Church Street,

ant SHOES OF ANY DESCRIPTION, yo tp

Wim. H. Cooper, Jp

STREET,

§

Give him a eall nnd he will

?

FINEST SHOES?

=

©sTrTyLe

Ss
iSHOma LSAMoT

LATE

 

Factory and Retail Store,
9 PEACE STREET.

 

GYMNASTIC-* SHOES
IN GREAT VARIETY.

Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR
IN THE CITY.

Shoes Made to Measure.

GEORGE J. LITTERST & C0.
HIATTERS and GENTS’ OUTEITTER

New Brunswick, I

: cepy brane
Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every *
of School and College Work. res
yorres

Mlustrated Catalogues nmiled free to any address. S

bondence with teachers and educator
is solicited.
BOSTON: 6 Maneock Avenne,

NEW YORK: 740 and 742 Broadway

Te
CHICAGO; land 14 Wabash ay

 
VESCON & WLUSON;

* DAY Y & QLRESON> *
(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILMER,)

Pure Drugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and Mineral Wate;

Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Waters.

'

Photographie Supplies.

Opera « HNouse « Drug « Sto ore

Wa. M. Davison. noon To Poe Es Garner Wirson.

 

School and College | rae ae GO ) None.
ox (Beaks.

English Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern Languages, |
Philosophy, Mathematics, History, |
Political Science, ete. | :::!) goods in either ready-made or :':.;

REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS, |

White’s Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin- eee
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott's Greek Bipt4 work.

Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.) | jJ.E.P AI NT of
The-:- National-:-Music-:- Course, |G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

 

 

a

aS

iti! We do not carry second class 3 :::

$i: custom, neither do we employ :: ::

 

: second-class men to do our ::::

j

Receutly adopted by the New Brunswick | PA
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N.Y. | No. 51 CHURCH STREEH’

 

©. O. STILLMAN, | ISAAC 6, BATES,

Dit aia | @aterer and @anfection
Diamonds, Glatehes,

Jewelry and Sterling Silver. Suppers.

‘ociety Pi 5 Maile der:
(Society Pins of all kinds Made to Order No. 109° Church. Stre
No. 49 Church Street, | NEW BRUNSW 10K, N N.J.
New Baunswics, N. J- } i eaten ale

A. Cenc Vobaliies: ! THOS. x KAY,
DIAMONDS, Pisnos, Organ

WATCHES AND FINE JEWELRY,

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and

 

Saciety ang Class Pins, SHEET MUSIC,
CYULE SURDRIES. 41 Ghurch Stre«
No. 21 Peace Street, |

|

|

Ayeot for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BI | |
|

|

|

}

NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ. Ey a ntis

&
iia ot get SE  calenntalts SE acai tlle eo a eso eh ete

 
