 

 

Vole Oo — Me _4.__,.9 No. 8. Py,

 

  

Rutgers College Grammar School,

 

®ebruary 1, 1890,

 

 

PAG
pf The 4. Be Ci Monthly. © ia seh ese Ae BN I
OOP: Prigese 35) cok eu Sosa ome, aes oe I
The Gymnasinin yo assy ig fee aah cies I
ARIAS EC ocataily iy vacancies Gi Panel eae I
Yo: MeCiy cn teres ruse eee oat a te Gaia ei I
Wietony caiccatca Vata askch. gee uae ore Samer I
The English People in the Sixteenth Century... /.3-. I
‘Two, Eitan ‘Brothergh 3 0S) he peo ahen 2
= ‘3 An Ode'to:the: “Animals 050. sok ye, ee 2
St ’ Extracts from the Diary of a Continental Captain ... 2
= ee A-Club for Browning Clubs, * 3.2 6259) 33.5%. P5cK8 2
- ; 2 Course of Study for Preparatory Department........ 2
s ~ Personals Pi tiNgn acwie A OOH See e daniahtnng Sf Cua eames 2
= is * Bait froorsthe Trap”. 2. lo. oe aa gaat eee 2
< JO ie ee se waredie Ria set ee Mart a ene Sea 2
< NEW BRUNSWICK, N. ].:
~ Frepontan Pusiissinc Company’s Printing Hovse.
” 1890.

tas cee ene ete eee ee NS

 

 
Winter.

1 oe S osteo Rex
re os Neckwea,

Tats. Elegant Silks, Newest ;
ha,
Largest assortmen gvB6) Shi sehe,

For You
\DERW /EAR. aN cn I ae
hae FREDONIAN (2 i.” @ RUTGERS,

|
“Printing Estab! ishment3& PHARMAc,

ng Mena special feature. ‘
t, lowest prices Ties, Scarfs, Collars, Cafts an

: Teng

t

 

Opposite Rutgers Colle
ge

|
70 and 72 Dennis St. New Brunswick, kde ee Ce

CLASS PRINTING. New IEDW. DeP ALMEy

equaled facilities for FIRST

Type and New Presses. Druggist.

 

THE REDON PUBLISHING COMPANY.
= | THOS *KAY,

Por eeaS, Wy. E. EDMONDS.

 

= SMITH & EDMONDS,
Matters and Men's | Qutfitiers,'< oe Organ
Cor. Church and Neilson Sts , New Brunswick,

Opposite National and Brople's’ Bapks." sy _
SHEET 2% MUSIC,

Ae

   
 
 

 

 

 

 

Ta Bist PN aS) 41. Church Streu

 

 

 

 

 

sUPERIOR
s, Stores oud Jlubbers
€ IN THE ESSENTIALS OF
rrest variety, af the very lowest prices, | EVENNESS OF POINT, 4 |
AND & HOWELL, 57 Church Street, | DURABILITY, | New Brunswick, N. J.
Op, Popes National Bank | |] WORKMANSHIP, 7 pee va
AY eS ease | ae g . Selected ; Wm, Brower, J. J. Bonney,
\RTIN WILSON : SY// Samples || ww BROWER & 00
| / 3 sent for trial N 5] Wi "
& Domestic Fruits ,is, Season, | Gy POsTPAID, | : . = og
4 ; pprek? WY a) >
yles, Canned Goods, Fancy Gro- = AOS Antistie Tailors
cies, &c. Also Cut Flowers. a Sy : | :
ere em ut Flowers COOP 1536 756 Broadway, {| |Masone Fall, Room 3,116 Abe!
57 CHURCH STREET. | NEW YORK. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J:
, * Any kind of a suit or fabric you may fancy is apt to be her
besides kinds that you are unacquainted with but ought to knot
$18 to $30 is about our range of prices for rightly made suits 4"
the more critical you are the more we enjoy serving you:
le who know

can trust our garments to win their way with peop

good thing.

ROGERS, PEET & CO,

 

 
 

 

 

 

Vor. I. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., FEBRUARY 1, 1890. No. 3.

 

The Arso:

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

RUTGERS COLLEGE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

eR ERA ERROR RVR ARN R RN RRR RMR RNR RMR RR ARAB
Vou. L New Brunswick, N. J., FE. 1, 1890. No. 3.
eee ea se smimimomeneuReiE

BOARD OF EDITORS:

J. H. THOMPSON, ’90,
Senior Editor.

F. C. VAN DYCK, Jz. '%,
Associate Editors,

L. LAWRENCE, *92, Business Manager.

ene . mermte

 

P. C. THOMAS, '90,

 

 

san sum
One copy, one year, fifty cents.
All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
J. H. THompson, New Brunswick, N. J.,and must be accompanied
with the name of the author.

 

 

T is with great pleasure that we welcome into

the sphere of journalism a sister publication.
We refer to the 4. B. C. Monthly.

It is published by the Class of ’93, of Miss An.
able’s Seminary.

The letters A. B. C. have a deeper significance
than appear on the surface. They are the abbrevi-
ation for Miss Anable’s Bird Cage Monthly.

We congratulate the young ladies upon their
spirit of enterprise, and extend to them our best
wishes fo. the prosperity of their paper.

We learn from the first issue this startling fact,
namely, that there is a prevailing fondness among
the young ladies for “ rats.” We are much shocked
and horrified at this Chinese propensity.

 

E notice from the Zargum that many of the

students are very anxious to do away with
the present scheme of compulsory chapel attend-
ance.

Now we don’t want to say so much about what
we don’t want as about what we do want, since
it seems to be the fashion to growl about some-
thing or other.

For instance, if some rich and generous friend
of the school (if we have any) would come forward

 

 

and give us five or ten dollars a year as a prize in
mathematics, and if another benevolent gentleman
would kindly offer us fifteen or twenty dollars as a
prize for the best essay written during the school
year on any prescribed subject, and open to any
member of the school, they would both receive so
many blessings from the scholars that they would
blush all over.

It is really too bad that we have no more prizes
than we do. There used to be a prize in speaking
and one in history, but these have been dropped dur-
ing the last two years. Now the only prize left is
the valedictory, which is awarded to the best stu-
dent in the classical course during the Senior year.

There are very few schools in the country which
have as many scholars, as great a reputation and

as fine a corps of instructors as ours, and yet have
as few prizes.

OTHING helps a boy in his school work like

a few minutes exercise before school and at

recess. It relieves the mind, strengthens the body
and helps the whole day’s work.

But we have very little opportunity to exercise
at these times. While there is ample room for
play at the “Trap,” about the school building
there is nothing but a sidewalk and within a gym-
nasium, or rather an apology for one.

If it were not for a few clumsy rings and some
antiquated ladders and parallel bars, our gymnasium
would be considered a cold, leaky and illy-floored
garret. But even this could be borne if there was
only an apparatus with which we could exercise.
Certain knobs and sticks scattered about show the
careful observer that wooden dumb-bells and In-
dian clubs once, within the memory of man, formed
part of the equipment. But these are broken and
useless, and now there is no means of systemati-
cally developing the muscles to be found. We
want pulley-weights, dumb-bells and Indian clubs,
of light and medium weights, and the apparatus
now inthe building ought not_to be used until
She Args.

 

 

 

18 tn
ty
mattresses are provided to guard against injury Litérary.
from falls. VICTORY.

We feel confident that a nice assortment of ap-
paratus would be used and not abused, and we
call the attention of our friends to this need of
our school, hoping that it will receive prompt at-

tention.

 

S$ there seems to be a misapprehension of the

facts regarding the game with Leal’s School,
and as undue prominence has been given to the
matter, it seems proper that a few words of explan-
ation should be made.

In the first place, no thought of deception was
entertained by anyone. The visiting team was
not kept in ignorance of the fact that we were
playing with a mixed team.

In the last issue of Tue Arco it is stated that
six men were dismissed from the team. This is
manifestly untrue, as there were not six men of the
Grammar School team on hand to play, and here-
in lies the source of all the trouble.

One of the boys was disabled, another out of
town and the rest, for reasons best known to them-
selves, failed to give their support. The captain
was, therefore, forced, much against his will, to
fill the vacancies as best he could.

The college men who played were not of the
Varsity.” That team was out of town on that
day.

We trust that, with this explanation, this un-
pleasant matter may be allowed to rest from fur-
ther discussion. P. C. THomas.

 

 

NiGMG OAS

Feb. 7—Subject: “Personal Work.”—Luke
I.: 67-80.

Leader—Warren Van Slyke.

Feb. 14—Subject: “ Why Should a Christian be
Happy ?”—Phil. 1V.: 1-23.

Leader—A. Drury.

Feb. 21—Subject : “ Consistent Living.” —Eph.
VIL: 10-18.

Leader—F. C. Van Dyck, Jr.

Feb. 28—Subject—* Missions.”

Leader—J. H. Seeberger.

 

He who, believing strongly, sets his hand
Unto the work that waits for him to do,
Though men should cavil, friends should proye untrue,
Love’s promises be writ on shifting sand,
And failure stamped upon him like a brand,
Still in the glorious end he doth pursue,
Shall find a power and victory which few
Or none, with cause less righteous, may command,
For failure ne’er was built on the defeat
Of any man whose aim is human good.
Before no show of loss shall he retreat.
However crossed, defamed, misunderstood,
He knows but Victory in a work well done.

THE ENGLISH PEOPLE IN THE SIx.
TEENTH CENTURY.

USPICIOUSLY inaugurated by the reign of
A Henry VIII., England bade fair to become
one of the leading powers of the world, as, indeed
she did. The wars between the parties of Red
and White Roses had died out, since in Henry
both parties were appeased. Columbus had just
discovered the New World. A race of mariners
which has seldom been equalled and never ex-
celled, was springing into existence. The influ-
ence of literary effort was rapidly becoming a po-
tent factor in the kingdom. Since the printing
press had been invented and brought into England,
about 1475, by Caxton, books and papers had
multiplied and education had become much more
general.

Although no one dared hint anything openly
against the papal dominions yet many persons,
both of noble and low rank, had their suspicions as
to whether the Romish faith was the only and true
faith. Even Cardinal Wolsey seems to have cared
more for the church as a means of acquiring power
and influence for himself than as a means of
bringing souls to Christ.

Poetry, prose and play were advancing. Sir
Thomas Moore wrote his Utopia, Shakespeare his
immortal and soul-inspiring dramas, Bacon his
world-renowned essays—all in this same Sixteenth
Century.

Yet, with it all, the condition of the people as a
 

 

-

Ohe

whole was very little improved. They lived
upon floors covered with rushes or straw.

Sanitary precautions were unknown. The very
refuse of the table was thrown under the floor,
where it remained, a. filthy, moldering mass of dis.
ease germs.

Surgery and medicine were in their infancy.

Astrology and incantations were believed
even by the better educated,

While all this is true of the nobles and princes
of the realm, it is even more applicable to the
peasantry. Nominally free, yet living in a state of
ignorance and filth which can be scarcely dreamed
of in these enlightened times, what wonder is it

that they were ready for any sort of a riot or
brawl]?

in

Even under the besotted bigotry of Henry and
the vain caprices of his daughter, Elizabeth,
there was a force of will anda power of ruling
which has been seldom excelled. To this and to
the fortunate circumstances in which they were
placed must we attribute the enormous strides
which England took during the reigns of “Bluff
King Hal” and “ Good Queen Bess.”

With the discovery of America a new era in the
shipping interests of the world was inaugurated.

England and Spain, the two leading maritime
nations of the time, vied with each other in found-
ing settlements in the newly-discovered land. ‘To
Spain's Ponce De Leon and Balboa England could
oppose her Cabots and Frobisher; to Spain’s Ve-
spucius England could oppose that wonderful ad-
venturer, Sir Francis Drake. While the Spaniards
had secured almost all of South Americaand Mex-
ico, England had laid her hand on North America.
Such men as Francis Drake and John Hawkins
raised her to that fame for seamanship which has
ever since been her boast and glory.

In the naval battles with Spain England almost
invariably showed her superiority, not only in con-
flict with greater numbers, but also in bravery and
seamanship. Many Spanish galleons, laden with
the gold wrung from the miserable Incas by the
remorseless grip of the cruel fingers of Spain, were
captured and their glittering freight removed to fill
‘the coffers of the daring Englishman,

Arya.

 

19

Perhaps the culmination of all this glory was
reached in 1588.

Rumor had been rife for nearly a year past that
Philip of Spain was building an immense fleet with
which to wipe out not only the blot on her reputa-
tion for bravery, but the entire Protestant religion
as well. In August, 1588, the majestic Armada
came in sight of the English shore, with a great
number of ships; yet they were met and defeated
by the English fleet under Lord Howard, assisted
by Drake and Hawkins. Although the English
force was much inferior to the Spanish—they hav-
ing one hundred and thirty-two ships to England’s
eighty—yet England had two of the most able gen-
erals that the world has ever seen—Drake and
Hawkins—and the same Anglo-Saxon spirit
of freedom which three centuries  after-
ward spurred on their descendants to throw
off the galling yoke of British oppression, anima-
ted the brave hearts of the Engllshmen. Crippled
as they were, the English defeated them, and by
the next night there was not a Spanish vessel to be
seen. So ended a contest which has been celebra-
ted both in prose and verse. England has never
achieved a more decisive victory against so great
odds. By this triumph England was raised from
a third-rate power to one of the leading nations of
the earth. As Green says: “From that hour
England’s destiny was fixed. She was to be a
Protestant power,” She was to be a maritime
power as well. Her plan of government was to be
one of exploration and foreign conquest.

During tne sixteenth century the first of those
statesmen who were to be England’s main reliance
in after years appeared. Such statesmen and
diplomats as Francis Bacon and Francis Walsing-
ham, such courtiers and explorers as Walter
Raleigh and Philip Sidney are not often met with
in a single century ; nay, what century can display
such a character as that of Philip Sidney? In the
sixteenth century England about reached the
zenith of her sturdy English character, although
probably most cf her citizens will dispute this asser-
tion.

But, as we look down the dim vista of passing
years, we still see the sixteenth century, with un-

diminished lustre, shedding its light upon other
ages,
Ghe Arg.

20
TWO TITAN BROTHERS.

N the Olympian halls, as in many an sarthly

kingdom, peace was only a transient visitor,
Zeus was haughty and overbearing, and when
those Titan brothers, Prometheus and Atlas,
sought to elevate mortal men and lighten their
burdens they brought down upon themselves the
wrath of the Olympian god.

When Prometheus saw the miserable condition
of the sons of men, when he saw them burrowing
in the ground and toiling like mere dumb brutes ;
when he saw that they had eyes and cars, but
neither saw nor heard the beauties and wonderfu
resources in nature about them, his great heart
went out in sympathy, and he resolved to do all in
his power to raise them from their degraded con-
dition. Men were weak and dying from cold and
hunger; and away he sped to Mount Olympus, and
secretly obtained a ferule of fire. Can you not
picture him to yourself as he goes on that mission
of love? Do you not see his kind, yet dignified,
bearing as he mingles with that Olympian throng ?
He feels and knows that he is in the right, yet
dares not make his mission known. Our hearts
go out to him in gratitude as he again mingles
with men and teaches them how to control and use
the precious boon he has brought them, as he
shows them how to cook their food, till their land,
and build houses, But what was the reward he
received for all these benefits to men? High on
the frozen crags of Caucasus is nailed his giant
form. Around him dashes the dreary snow, and
the icy wind pierces and benumbs his stalwart
limbs, while a cruel vulture tears at that great
heart, which beat in such loving sympathy with the
ills and trials of men. But Hermes, that messen.
ger of Zeus, approaches the height. We wonder
what new sorrow awaits Prometheus, and listening,
hear the cruel message, “ Will you now submit
yourself entirely to the will of Zeus?” A laugh of
contempt and scorn is the sufferer’s only reply,
We hear the shriek of the icy blast as it sweeps
around those mountain peaks, and Hermes is
answered, ‘The dark clouds sailed lower and lower
on the mountain side, till they covered the rocks
to which the ‘Titan was nailed. ‘The mighty
mountain heaved and trembled, and the fierce

 

thunderbolts darted through the sky, Brights
and brighter flashed the lightening, and ote
and louder pealed the thunder in the earg of Pro
metheus, but he quailed not at the Wonderfy
power of Zeus. And though the fiery Streams ey
circled his body, yet, wbove all the storm and ro

‘ur
ot ; ;
his voice can be heard, and it speaks of the

la
when the good shall conquer and the unjust powery
be crushed and destroyed forever.

Atlas, too, was compelled to. suffer Severely for
his presumption and his opposition to the all pow.
erful Zeus. He sought to instruct’ men concerp.
ing the heavens above them and the waters which
divide the lands, and he fought against Zeus when
he sought the Olympian throne. As his reward,
you see him in: yon: lofty mountains, with sweaty
brow and trembling limbs, supporting the heayeng
on his hands and shoulders. THe must serve as q
pillar to hold up the skies, Perseus, attracted by
his groans, approached, and at his earnest request
showed him the head of the Gorgon maid, which
turns all beholders into” stone. Atlas slowly
changed before the wondering Perseus. — His limbs
ceased their trembling and became huge pillars of
stone, In place of his streaming gray hair and
beard there appeared the riven and rugged crags
of a mountain summit. ‘Thus ended the toils and
sufferings of noble Atlas, and that pile of moun-
tain, rock and earth remains to men a forcible
reminder of his endeavors in their behalf.

So has it been with mortals in every age. They
who would disclose truths before hidden, they who
would soothe the suffering and raise up those
bowed down with toil and ignorance, have had to
bear the scoffs and jeers, the thrusts and blows of
their fellow men. But if, like these brothers of old
they still persisted, still had a soul large enough to
look down through the ages and call all men their
brothers and friends, they have always received a
grand reward.

Prometheus and Atlas would teach us that our
lives are not entirely spent when our bodies have
ceased to move about among men. The greater
part of our life work is often accomplished after we
apparently are no more, and that man is most
noble and most happy whose life is a source of
help and joy to his associates,
Ohe Arya. 4i

 

AN ODE TO THE “ANIMALS.”

Walking up on Bayard street
A pretty girl I often meet ;
Dainty shoes upon her feet,
Dress and hat so nice and neat.
Going to the * Animals.”

She has hair a golden maze,

Eyes that thrill you with their gaze,

Pretty, sweet, bewitching ways,

Making Heaven where’er she stays,
Going to the “ Animals,”

Oft I wonder, when I see,

Who this beauteous maid may be ;

Member of great ’93,

Editress of A. B. C. ? :
Going to the ‘* Animals.”

Could this maiden only know
How my heart is filled with woe,
In the moonlight’s silv’ry glow,
When she says that she must go;
Going to the ** Animals.”

Then this maiden would, I guess,
Give me her dear hand to press ;
Grant to me a sweet caress.
And—I think, you know the rest.
Going to the ** Animals.”
**Van SHUCKsS.”

EXTRACTS FROM THE DIARY OF A

CONTINENTAL CAPTAIN.

(The following extract from the diary of a captain
in the Continental Army was kindly lent to one of the
editors of Tue Arco. Thinking it might be of in-
terest to our readers, we give it verbatim ad literatimn.]

Newburg, April 19th, 1775.

The Regulars came out of Boston, and went to
Concord, and fired at our men, which a Larmed
all the whole continent, and our men fired at them
and Drove them back into Boston, & Kild and
Wounded Several Hundred of them, & this Same
Day I went of to Cambridge where there was a
Vast Number of Men, and we stayed at Cambridge
for some time. our Duty was to Guard ye Cannon
at Watertown.

May the 21st, 1775.

The King’s troops went over to Hog Island
after Cattle and Sheep, But our troops molested
them & Beat them Back and took a Scooner. and
Killed and Wounded at Winisincot ferry about one
Hundred & od and Burnt an House and Barn &

 

Ware House, June ye oth 1775. at Noddles’
Island.

We marched from Cambridge to Chelsea &
some of our Men Went over to Noddles’ Island
and fired att the Summersett man of war and they
fird att our men and the Cannon Balls Struck So
Near them that it Like to Heave Killed them.
June ye 13 there was a number of transports ar-
rived att Boston With about too Hundred Horsses.

June ye 16th. Colonel Putnam Went from
Cambridge to chalstown and Built a fort, and in-
trencht all night. Saturday the 17th the Kings
troopes fird an a Larm Before Sunrise & Contin-
ued the fire With there Cannon all the forenoon.
and after Noon the Kings troopes Come over and
Landed on chalstown Point about five thousand
as near as I could Judge and Marcht up to our
Brestwork and the Battle Begun and they Did
fight Like Men on Both Sides But our men re.
treated because there Brethren Came not up to
Help them. ¢

June 17th. 1775.
There was a Sore Battel that Day and By what we

Larn ther was fifteen Hundred of the Kings
troopes Kild and Wounded. _ there was also about
Eighty or Ninety of our men ware Lost in Battel
and as Many More Wounded this Same Day
chalstown Was Burnt to ashes the Kings troops
took Possession of Bunker’s Hill which they forti-
fied Very Strong Newengland Soldiers Encampt
on Pros Pect Hill and We fortified that Place
Very Strong & firnisht it with Long Spears. The
Governor fird from Boston to Roxbury By times
for Some Days together.

July the roth. thare Was Some Ships Came in
With troops to Boston. ss
July 17th. the General at Boston Sent three hun-
dred Men Down to Nantasket Point to Cut hay &
Grain. But our men Went from Roxbury about
one thousand to Nantasket Point & Went over to
the Light house and Burnt it & all the other Build-
ings that was on that Island there was a Small
Skirmish at Nantasket But we did Not Lose any
man But we took too.

July the zoth their was about thirty of our men
Went over to Noddles’ Island & When our Men
had Got Back the Regulars Came upon them &
they fird at our men a Crost the River and ou
22

men Returned the fire. we Kild one and wounded

too More.

July 2gth there was Ten Ship
Went out of the harbor of Boston this Day.

July ye 25th 1775- We Marcht to Malden Near
Perry ferry in order to Gard that Place.
But We Returned to Chelsea the Same Day. There
was three or four Rigulars Desarted from Bunkers’

Hill att that time.
[vo BE CONTINUED. ]

s & transports

 

A CLUB FOR BROWNING CLUBS.

CORRESPONDENT, after reading our article
on Browning in the January number, sends us

the following from an English paper :

The shire Browning Club had resolved to discuss
a certain poem by their hero at their next meeting. One of
their number had prepared an elaborate paper on the sub-
ject, and all the members were looking forward with much
interest to the occasion. Mr. Henry, one of the founders
of the club and a personal friend of Mr. Browning, wrote
to the poet for illumination. Mr. Browning’s reply was to
the effect that his meaning was very simple, and nothing
more was intended than was obviously in the lines. Mr.
Henry attended the mecting, but quietly listened ‘to the
paper of the evening and the discussion which followed,
until he saw that the club had indeed roamed faraway from
the poet’s track. He then read his note from Mr. Browning,
showing how they had all missed the point. Instead of re-
ceiving a vote of thanks for his efforts in obtaining a clear
view of the truth, Mr. Henry was thunderstruck to find the
entire club in arms against him! Cries of ‘* That is not
fair | It is a reproach to the club !? and similar remarks by
different members met him on all sides. He found that all
seemed to prefer enjoying their own efforts at interpretation
(even if wrong) more than to have the truth clearly set be-
fore them. ‘The incident conveys its own moral,

 

een
COURSE OF STUDY FOR PREPARATORY
DEPARTMENT, R. C. G. S.

C Crass—Reading—Third Reader and _selec-
tions ; Spelling—As in D Class—Book to be used
last term; Writing—Copy Book, No. 2, and re-
productions ; Arithmetic—Advanced book to frac-
tions ; Geography—Introduction—U nited States
with sectional map drawing ; General Lessous—
Insects, minerals and plants ; Drawing ; Language
—Parts os speech—Simple forms.

B Crass—Reading—Fourth Reader and selec-
tions; Spelling—Use of books continued, with
words from all lessons ; Writing—Copy Book, No,

 

Ohe Arge.

33 Arithmetic—Fractions complete; Geo '
__U. S. completed—N. and S. America ; Gay
Lessons — Physiology — Botany — Elemen
Science; Drawing ; Grammar—Continued ta
use of books‘ History—U. S., read and Me
duced to Indian Wars. Pro.
A Ciass—Reading—As in B Class ; Spellin
As in B Class, Writing—Copy Book, No, 4, i
ithmetic—Decimals completed—Compound Ne Ie
bers ; Geography—Europe, Asia, Afnca, Ags
tralia and review; General Lessons—Physiolo :
Botany, and Elementary Science, Sata
Drawing ; Grammar—Continued as in B Clas
History—U. S., completed ; Latin—Conversa,
ional work—Collar & Daniell’s Latin Lessons,

 

PERSONALS.

A. R. Briggs has gone home sick.

M. E. Gates, Jr., has been quite sick with La
Grippe.

W. W. Cook, ’go, has recovered from a severe
attack of “La Grippe.”

Peddie says that he expects to raise a new mus-
tache for Commencement.

By the way, it is said that W. Van Dyck is ex-
pecting to have his hair cut during the ensuing
year.

Dr. Cook has purchased an electric clock which
is to ring the bells in the recitation rooms at the
expiration of each hour.

We understand that an entertainment will be
given on Washington’s Birthday, consisting of pa-
triotic speeches, and songs by the Glee Club.

Dr. Cook has placed a number of new desks in
the front room, instead of the low ones that
cramped our legs before.

Mr. J. W. Graves has left his place as teacher
here to take charge of a school in Bristol, Conn.
Mr. C. S. Johnson, Rutgers, 91, will fill his place
for the remainder of the year.

A problem «in algebra—McC.—

if A is greater than B, how can B be less

Prof. Newton—“ K 3, translate ‘ Csesar ibit

haec sibi cure esse.’ ”
“ Cesar said he had a cure for these things.”

“ Now, Prof. C.
than A?

 
She

ae

Ludlam's moustache can now be seen without
the aid of a telescope.

Warren Van Slyke went into a drug store the
other day and bought a bottle of “ Anti-fat.”

The effect is magical. His weight has been
reduced from 250 to 180 pounds already, and we
are anxiously awaiting further un-developements.

On New Year's Day the teaehers and many of
the pupils received a pleasant surprise. Crouse,
who left the school a short time since, sent a num-

ber of beautiful cards to them, engrossed in his
own handwriting.

At the first business meeting of the Glee Club,
held Jan. 17, the following officers were elected :
President—J. H. Thompson.

Secretary and Treasurer—F. C. Van Dyck, Jr.
Musical Director—W. R. Newton.

“ Bobby” was seen the other day hurrying to
the Electric Light Works. We wondered whether
it was safe for him there, as he is easily shocked ;
but our miud was relieved on learning that he
only wanted his Dr. Scott hair curler recharged.

“BAIT FROM THE TRAP.”

We know that girls are afraid of mice, but boys
—well—some of them are.

To what breed of dogs do our Professors be-
long? Rat-terrors (terriers).

One of the fellows on the second floor has a
weapon in his room which should be handled with
care.

The “Trap” is a dangerous place. One can-
not turn around without getting the “ Grippe” or
having his picture taken.

We have heard that C-Annables like.‘ Rats,”
but we know that “Rats” like C-Annables.

JOKES.
BY “ ARLIC.”

“ A little nonsense now and then is relished by
the wisest men.” So say I and so say other au-
thorities on the subject.

In looking over the comic papers I have come
to the conclusion that there are five great classes
of jokes, and all belong to one of these sets or are
blood relations to them.

“One of the most common species is the punning
joke. I will give an example. It may be a little
stale, but as it illustrates my point, no matter,

 

Arya. 23

Brown (six days out)—“ Well, Sicman, you look
several years older than you did when we started.”

Sicman—* That is not strange, considering I
have had several berth-days.”

I notice a number of the papers have a good
many sentimental jokes in lately. I suppose it is
all right to publish them, but if they really hap-
pened the question is how did the editor get hold
of the fact. For instance, who would tell the
world of a case like the following :

Deaf Suitor—* Will you marry me?”

She (gently) —‘ Yes.”

D. S.—“ What ?”

She—* Yes.”

D. S.—“ Huh! can’t hear.”

She—“ No.”

In all probability the worst joke to take is the
practical. Most victims do not like them, but I
heard of a fellow who was made a victim of a
practical joke, that seemed to get the best of the
bargain. Listen:

He lived in a small town, and the people thought
he was a greeny. A man paid $25 for a human
skeleton and put it in the hoy’s bed, and the na-
tives went up to see the fun. There sat the boy
with two pounds of candy. a dozen ginger cakes,
some tops, a dozen baseballs, some toy guns and
sundry other articles. He had sold the skeleton
for $3 and bought out the village store !

The most nauseating joke is the stale joke.
“Seen him ?”

“Who ?”

“ McGinty.”

I pity the person who is the victim of this joke.

A pointless joke is a joke with no point.

You may often hear these jokes. They are the
father of far-fetched jokes.

Here is a pointless joke:

Mr. Facete—* Heard a fine joke to-day.”

Mrs. Ditto—“ What was it?”

Mr. F.—“ A man asked me why a piano was
like an onion. I said 1 didn’t know. Do you?”

Mrs. F.— No, tell me.”

Mr. F.—* Because it’s harmonious.”

Mrs. F.— What is the point ?”

Poor lady, no wonder she could not see. Mr.
F. should have said “ Because it’s smell-odius.”

‘These are the five great classes of jokes. If I
have omitted any greater class, let some one else
write about it.

Rector: * Itis interesting to think that the Star
of Bethlehem will soon appear to us.”

Miss F. (fromNew York): “ Really, Mr. Prior, I
don’t know who she is; and what does she play
in ?°—Life, :

 
She Arg.
4 i — Pett, es ae
The Best Place Sk OES OF EVERY DESCRIPTI ONS

to Buy Your

=“ Wm. H. Cooper,

 

 

 

 

Successor to Cooper Brothers,
Hes 25 CHURCH STREp,

 

 

 

ufgers Af ollege,

New Brunswick, N. J.
Term opened September 19th, 1889.

SLOAN PRIZES

For rue Resr (Crasstcat) Enrrance Examina-
tions: First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350
($50 cash).

Twenty Professors, No tutors, The classical course 1s ample and
thorough. Elective course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin,
German, French. Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronomy, Chem-
istry, Physics aud English Literature in Junior and Senior years,

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey
State College. 50 Free Scholarships.

Apply to your County Superintendent of Education, or to the
President of the College.

A Practical Scientific School of High Grade, ‘Three Courses of
Four Years each—" Engineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture and
Chemistry.”

A New Course in Electricity.

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying. Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
ratus for each student, A well-equipped Astronomical Observatory
for Student's use,

A New $40,000 Laboratory
for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Agricultural Expe-

riment Station and the State College under the “ Hatch Bill” appro-
priation of $15,000 per annuin,

oy} Ul SOL JSOMO'T ye ‘uondriiosap AIOAO jo S90YUS SOUL puy

‘Osho, e0Yg pues yoog

SC T4IASNYW o DNIGUYH
% ‘Ontonee x
‘T[egq-j00.] ‘Stuuay ‘onseuuéy

UVIZHY UNV FTVSATOHM 3 ‘Au0

For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine
8. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College.

Merritt Epwarp Garss, Ph. D., LL.D., L.H.D.,
President.

2S’ 9ODA_ G6

 

i Chea
TAPKEN ys MILLER, Printing

VU atchmakers ewelers | Do it yourself. Card press $3. Circular press $8.
f Size for small newspaper $44. Everything easy,
* printed rules. Send 2 stamps for Catalogue of
59 CHURCH STREBT, a Presses, type, paper, cards, &¢., to factory,
New Brunswick, N. J. KELSEY & CO,,

Meriwey, Conn,

 
 

 

Oe ae

 

— DAVISON & VENESON:
(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B, KILMER,)

Pure Drugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and Miner
Waters, Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and other
Waters. Photographic Supplies.

Opera « House « Drug «Store

Wa. M. Davison. MASONIC HALL. Garret WILson.

 

SCHOOL AND COLLEGE a NEWS
—xTEXT-BOOKS< Clothing House

|
English. Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern | S7 Church Street,

Languages, Philosophy, Mathematics,

f sat i oo. NTON. . D. McCOY, Manag
History, Political Science, etc., ek b aeatKn : ia eric:

WE CARRY THE FINEST

REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS, aoe ees : = 6
ee W T) Y= / q \
White’s Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s | @ READY MADE STOCK:

Latin-English Dictionary, Liddell & Scott's Penick Lh Gokeue.
. : : BRUNSWICK, AND GUARAN-
Greek Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.) TEE ALL GOCDS AS REPRE-

SENTED.

TH N&TIONSL MUSIC COURSE,

Recently adopted by the New Brunswick “OUR CUSTOM DEPARTED

School Board. Send for Catalogue.

| IS WITHOUT OPPOSITION,
AND ALL WORK DONE IN

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N. Y. THE BEST MANNER.
O.O.STILLMAN,  —=§- [SAAC GC, BATES,

Diamonds, Watches, @aterer and ©onfectioner,

JEWELRY AND STERLING SILVER, Soackial’ Adeanel ; ;
| pecial Atte sen to
(Society Pins of all Kinds Made to Order.) | opects Bune eae

Society Banquets and
No. 49 Church Street, Suppers.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. 7 |
109 Church Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
WM. H. FISHER & C0,,
| Mercuant -:- Tatrvors |
| AND CLOTHIERS.
IB Athletic Goods a Specialty..cea
G. D. W. KELSO,
College Book Store,

FINE STATIONERY, |
Athletic Goods, | Waterman's
Ez L x -r

 

 

 
Rutgers College Grammar Schoy,

aw Bw Oe JG

Fornpen 1766.
February 10th, 1890,—_
Ph.D., Head Master. XN

 

ee— Next Quarter Begins
BE. H. COOK, 4. M., .
INSTRUCTORS ae
EA COOK, AM, PRD, Heed Maste, = SS mi HET
Latin and Mathematics. Sa x s Pened.
| : pores WlsS ESTHER A Abney,
WALTER h NEWTON, A Mh, Re ‘ : Preceptress ef Preparatory ead
f | Partments, Pring,

MISS ELCISE TROTT,

clssistant tn Primary Dp

Latin and German.

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B.,

Greek and Mathematics.

IM WRITE,

Steward and Jin ity,

MAS. J. Ml WHITE,

Matron.

CS. JOHNSON,

Mathematics and English.

Ma Me WYCKOFF, Ar My

j Chemistry and Physics. : 2 ss
T)R. COOK, in assuming the Head Mastership of this school, desires to assure its former patrons and friends that ap

will be spared to place this Institution in the front rank of schools of a similar character. ‘

While Pie cnet ieorecadon for Colleges, and Scientitic Schools will be its chief aim ; attention will alsg ben
students desiring to prepare for business. 4 . ite with her hust i
} Mrs. Cook, an educated and refined lady of earnest Christian character, will unite with her husband in making q 9)
and attractive home for the pupils. 2

The number of pupils at the ‘ Home” is limited, and

ADMISSION.
f Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to ‘the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute theiry
Tt is earnestly urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the py
f The class work will begin promptly at the opening of schovl.

Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral ¢

church he has attended. bcs
: RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.

} The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship. but the development éf Christian character as well. On Sunday
Lea of the Grammar School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswiek Theola,
|

   

=

each boy will receive individual attention and eare.

haracter from the last school he attended, or from the pas

minary, at Kirkpatrick Chapel. Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school, thrown open to the pupils of the @
mar School the Library connected with Rutgers College. Libraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the students,
t
t
.

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in whieh the
live with the Head Master. These are five to ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insure every student som

ise in the open air.
The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition. Ample grounds are provided for out-door games.

DAY PUPILS.

 
   
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  

i Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home. 1
rrive at all hours of the day and special sehool rates can be obtained from tho railroad. :
; For day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows :

and Second Primary., $8 Per Quarter. Second Year Classical and Scientifie.........- SIG Per Quat

 
 
 

10; rs Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and
jo“ “ Scientifie
14°36 e

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, ete., are 820 per quarter, payed strictly ino
and single rooms, $100 per quarter.

PREPARATORY AND) PRIMARY DEPARTMENTS.

ql
The work in this department Is designed to prepare boys of the youngest school age for the more advanced work ¢
The number of pupils is limited. Special care is taken in regard to the morals and language of each boy.

TO INTRODUCE DR. E. H. COOK. near

Trustees feel confident, that under the direction of Dr. Coox, supported in the work among the younger boys al
er of almost national reputation, Miss Estuer A. Anprews, and by a corps of capable acainiants the Grammar *
work with an intelligent thoroughness which can be equalled at few schools in the country. They contidently
ool to the citizens of New Brunswick, to the friends of the College, and to all who have boys to be carefully oduct
= Bier the Tenextaon, MERRILL E, GATES. President cf tele

dand Fourth “*
st and Second Preparator
rst Year Classical and Scientific.

 
 

 

   
  
 

 
 

     
