( yOrey: Alo]

 

  
    
    
   

ef SEVERA RES
+ EST
VERUM GAUDIUM

ew im 7

 

 

 

 

 
THE ARGO

OCTOBER

1919

Vol. XXXI. No. |

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
 

BOARD OF EDITORS

ASHER ATKINSON. . Jack R. ‘Ralrr.
DorraNce HuBBELL. Dana B. ScuppeR.
YARNELL KUHLTHAU. BirNEY WRIGHT.

Business Manager—CuHares E, THOMPSON.

Assistants—Witttam Baker, Matcotm Noyes, Jack R. Ratrr, ARTHUR TEITENBERG,
Nort C. Woop, JAcK WaASHBOURNE,
Subscription price, per year, $1.00 (in advance).
All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-Chief, R. P. S., New
Brunswick, and must be accompanied with the name of the author.
All business communications to Business Manager.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni, are most cordially invited to contribute.
Entered as Second Class matter in Post Office at New Brunswick, N. J.,
under the Act of Congress, March 3rd, 1879.
THE ARGO 3

 

oe Editorial.

A welcome for all to Rutgers Prep. It has been a real school in
former days, and everyone here believes it to be a real school now.
When President Demarest, Prep '79, gave us that fine chapel talk
on the first morning, it made me feel proud to be the head of such
a school, and I believe we all felt a pride in our connection with
it. Founded in 1766, or more likely 1760, is it a strong growing
tree, like the giants of the forest, or is it an old ruin like some of
the houses built a century and a half ago? The answer is found -
in the comparison itself. Prep is like a tree. It is alive. Every
year it grows it adds another ring, it roots more solidly, it becomes
a fixture in the landscape. It is not preserved by patching the out-
side, but by feeding the life within. I like to think of it as planted
by the rivers of water, bringing forth its fruit in its season with
no withering leaves, and always prospering in its fine work. All round
the big world are men of affairs whose memories bring them back to
this spot. Maybe they feel that they owe something of their present
success to this school. Maybe they feel proud that they went to school
here with this or that man who has made a name for himself since. Any-
how, that is all going to be your experience some day. After we have
laughed over the humorous prophecies of Class Day, let us realize more
seriously that the energy and brains that are making our good school
spirit, good athletics, good scholarship, good morale generally, are bound
to make winners of these fellows when they get into life’s big game.

I am glad to welcome you to the comradeship of Prep boys of to-day
and Prep men of the past. May the spirit of victory descend upon you,
and may it be true of you this year as it was with our Yankee boys in
France, that they never yielded ground but always went forward. And
as the winners of that grand fight will re-visit in memory San Mihiel and
Argonne, may you return in future days to the Prep campaign of 1919-20
and to your comrades in victory. Welcome, comrades. Onward!

Witiiam P. Ketty, Headmaster,
 

THE ARGO
4
To you, the newcomers in the Rutgers Preparatory School, we, the
oy ,
bei of the Arco board, extend the warmest welcome. At the be-
members

g t ak h me ARGO m
Innit of a new year we are endeavorin o make the
g ng na

i f you.
something to each one © .
; The Arco is a very important factor in school life. It educates

students in a literary line, by encouraging them to write stories and
poems, by enabling them to make lively aepeets on supposedly dead
subjects. It entertains every reader by its articles and gras informa-
tion in many lines. The Arco gives to other schools our spirit and “pep.”

It forms a channel between schools through which helpful criticisms

constantly flow. It forms an incentive for improvement; we wish each

copy to be better than the last and better than our exchanges. It gives
each student a souvenir of the year and a complete history of school life.
It presents an opportunity to those, who otherwise may be unable, to show

their school spirit.
With the openin
great hopes. Things w
pages. Games will be played to keep the athletic editor busy. Comical
mistakes will be made that will supply its sort of material. Writers of
poetry and prose will doubtless be found in the school who will do their
bit in the literary line. Students suitable for the positions of editors
will be selected, and ail will pull together to make this year the best

g of this year, the Arco looks into the future with
ill be happening in school which will fill the news

possible. aa
As school starts anew, so the ArGo starts anew, and with a beginning

such as this many things are needed. The Arco needs editors, boys cap-
able at least of continuing the old standard, ones who will try their
hardest to improve and ones who will succeed in the attempt. Besides
editors who will manufacture the paper, the Arco needs material for
them to work with. Good, live stories are constantly being written. The
Arco needs them and asks their authors to correct them, copy them and
hand them in. Also the Arco needs “ads.” A man cannot live without
food and drink, neither can a school paper flourish without some money
behind to produce it. If any of you know of a person who would likely
advertise, do your utmost to get that advertisement.

Thus we, the editors have explained to you, students of Rutgers
Prep, the advantages, hopes and needs of the Arco. Take it to heart

and all push together to make this year the best in the history of the
school,
THE ARGO 5

 

School News

ence ni aenes
ASHER ATKINSON, JR.

September 17, 1919, will be a date remembered in many mirds, On
the morning of that day school started and with it everything started:
the Arco, athletics, and last, but not least (we only wish it would be
least), lessons. The opening exercises were long and interesting. Prep
spirit and tradition was rubbed in from all directions. “Nate” Scudder
'20, did his share and did it well, as one from our midst. ‘Doc’ Cook
performed his part with “Just a word,” as one of the faculty. The
share of the alumni was delivered by President Demarest of the college.
This last address touched upon many points, including the age of the
school, its success in producing successful men, and its traditions, aims
and purposes. Mr. Kelly then spoke on the prospects of this school
year. A musical program was furnished by Miss Garretson, Mrs. Mid-
kiff, and Miss Boynton. The exercises closed with a few cheers, led by
Shiro Watari, and ‘Dear Old Prep School.”

The faculty has undergone a few changes. “Mike” Gerome, a
teacher here in the 1916-17 year, has returned to us again. Mr. Allen
is new, but he soon will get used to Prep ways and will be the same
as any teacher, no matter how long he has been here. The other teachers
are still here and as far as can be noticed have not changed. Mr. Over-
bagh is still here to hustle up the Arco material, Mr. Cook has returned
to make us “write fifty times “. Mr. Midkiff still makes us work in
athletics; and Mr. Kelly keeps the school running.

In a class by themselves we find “Cap” and Miss Searle, who are
still performing school duties as usual.

Then in the student body whom do we find? Here are Chamberlain
and Shaw from Chicago, and Baker from Detroit. From the south
come Gamboa of Mexico and the two Jurados from Panama, while Her-
nadez comes from Colombia. From the islands of the sea come the
students, Leviti from St. Thomas; Sayres and Scudder, who hail from
Honolulu; Watari and Schmidzu come from Japan, and “Nate” Scudder
from India. Many of the fellows live in Greater New York, other
towns along the Hudson, and throughout the state. There are fellows
in our midst who come from all parts of New England as well. Others
come from towns throughout New Jersey too numerous to mention. The
day fellows are about the same ones that came here last year, but in
addition we have new ones from the Elementary School. As commuters
we have Wright, who rides in state on car number 2, R. R. R. R.; Chris-

 

 
THE ARGO
6

6S

 

Devoe, Drake and Prentice, of South River; Kuhl-
thau from Milltown, and Clark of New Brunswick, come to the door of
ve teehindl he trolley. Gillespie Richardson, and Hemingway come
a. a iB ‘ook The old commuters on the “Pennsy,’’ Chamberlain
— Seti endian and Hofer from the “brainy borough” have
ten joined by Hartley, the pianist of ae. Besides these we have
with us three midgets, Blume and the two W aldrons.

No sooner had school opened than we started in on athletics. A
board talk was held which thirty candidates attended. At the same
meeting the football “togs’’ were ordered. We have fine material in the
school, and under Coach Midkiff’s coaching our school has fine prospects
for a successful season.

On Thursday, September 18, a meeting of the Senior Class was held
in order to get things under way. At that meeting the ring committee
was elected. Those chosen were Scudder, Gillespie and Atkinson.

Coach Midkiff was called away on Friday, the 19th, to referee a game.
Practice on that day was conducted under the supervision of Scudder,
Kingman and Eckrode. Scudder instructed the line, Kingman the back-
field, and Eckrode the ends.

On Monday, September 22, Ritscher, a graduate of last year, returned
to take a post-graduate course here in preparation for college. He has
taken his post again as football manager and was out on the job at the

tensen of Sayreville ;

next practice. .

There was a Students’ Association meeting held on Thursday, at
which the work of the season was discussed. This meeting was held in
preparation for an election of officers in the near future.

LOYAL CITIZENSHIP
MessaGes From GreAT LEADERS

Let reverence for the laws be breathed by every American mother to
the lisping babe that prattles on her lap; let it be taught in schools, in
seminaries, and in colleges; let it be written in primers, spelling books
and in almanacs; let it be preached from the pulpits, proclaimed in legis-
lative halls and enforced in courts of justice, and, in short, let it become

the political religion of the nation. Abraham Lincoln.

 

This is a democratic government, and the voice of the people, ex-
pressed through the machinery provided by the Constitution for its ex-
pression and by constitutional majorities, is supreme. Every loyal
citizen must obey. This is the fundamental principle of the government.
FE-x-President William Howard Taft.

 
 

THE ARGO 7

TRAP NOTES

Jack R. Ratrr,

With the opening of school Tuesday, September 16, came many new
fellows, among whom are some who have just received their discharge
papers from the army in the past year.

Jay Chamberlain was formerly in the Forty-second Division. He
spent over two of his eighteen months overseas in a hospital, due to his
being gassed.

C. H. Moore trained in England as an aviation mechanic for four
months, but failed to reach France. He spent three weeks in a hospital
with influenza, which he contracted on the Mauretania while returning
to this country.

Raymond Scudder and Sayres, both from Hawaii, were in the Signal
Corps, but did not get overseas. Ray is a cousin of “Nate” Scudder.

Mr. Gerome was overseas with the Medical Corps. Although a
“Prof,” “Mike” seems more like one of the fellows. He taught here
at Prep two years ago but left to go to France on “government business.”

In the Delta House the new men not already mentioned are, T. Wood
from Newburg, who is out for football; Hill from Nutley, N. J., out
for football; Baker from Detroit, out for the Arco Board; Kingman
from Newark, out for football; and Stumpf from Long Island.

In the Gamma House are Shaw from Chicago; Mosquera from New
York City; Beekman from Somerville, out for football; Noyes from
Lake George, who is out for the Arco Board, and Ide from St. Johnsbury,
Vermont. s

The first night the Trap was opened Mr. Kelly held a reception to
the new men at the Beta House. The old fellows introduced themselves
to the new ones. “On the Banks,” “Dear Old Prep School” and other
songs were sung. Cheers were taught, and on the whole an enjoyable
evening spent.

After supper, the evening of September 16, Mr. Kelly met the Trap
students under the flagpole in front of the Beta House. Mr. Overbagh
explained Prep life and gave the various rules and customs, not for-
getting the “mark” system, in order that. the new men might get
started right.

Evening “sings,” which are new here at Prep, have been started
After supper, if the weather permits the fellows meet on the front lawn
and sing college and other songs with the help of Mr. Allen and his
mandolin. Singing, though most people do not recognize it, is one
of the most important factors of college or preparatory school life. The

 

 

 

 

 

 
THE ARGO

8 HE ARCO

have taken hold of the idea and some have even in-
g

fellows as to whether they could sing or not, hoping
gers in the school to start a glee club. A mandolin

fellows this year
quired among the
to find enough sin

‘lub is already under way.
, Mr. Allen comes to us this year to fill the vacancy left by Mr. Basy

who, it is rumored, has joined the United States Navy. Few of the

fellows even after being introduced to him thought him to be a “Prof”

until after classes had started.
All the old fellows were glad to welcome Mrs. Overbagh and John

back to the Trap Sunday, September 28.

Every one of the fellows at Mr. Overbagh’s table, or table number
one, is out for football. Its the only table of its kind in the school. Give
them credit.

On Tuesday, September 26, Ritscher returned. Although he grad-
uated from Prep last year he lacked a few subjects necessary for
college entrance.

Another new man arrived September 28, Richter, formerly of
Peekskill Military Academy, Peekskill, N. Y.

The morning of the first Sunday of Prep’s new year was spent in
the college chapel. Dr. Demarest gave an address on the “Gifts of
God.” These gifts were courage, power, common sense, and love. The
address was on a practical subject and was given in such a way that
everyone might understand.

The night of Sunday, September 20, Mr. Kelly met the two “upper
houses” in the club-room of the Delta. House. He explained life in
New Brunswick and the different classes of citizens in the different parts
of town.

A new flag flies daily from the staff in front of the dormitories.
As the workman in charge was not always punctual in raising and
lowering it, Bailey Sayres, who has been serving in the army, asked the
privilege of raising it in the morning and lowering it at sunset. Thus
the flag appeals to the heart of every soldier. Let us all give it the
greatest respect and honor. :

The graduate manager of athletics telephoned up from Rutgers Col-
lege on Friday afternoon to invite the whole Prep school to the first
Rutgers College football game. It was regretted that the day fellows
could not be reached, but as many as could attended. The day was per-
fect and the attendance was enough to fill the big grandstands.

Students and teachers at the Trap met in the Delta House club-
room for an hour on Sunday evening, September 28, to discuss in-
formally the organizing of a Trap Association. Gillespie ’20, was
elected temporary chairman and led off with a general statement in
behalf of Student responsibility. The discussion was very lively and

 
THE ARGO 9

IVHO’S WHO ON THE FACULTY.

Headmaster William P, Kelly returned with his family and others of
the household early in September, after a healthful summer spent at his
cottage on the shore of Caspian Lake, Greensboro, Vermont. Mr. Kelly
looks to be in fine trim for the beginning of the new year.

Morris E. Midkiff, better known as Coach, spent most of his summer
in the employ of the school at New Brunswick. During the summer he
was visited. by his brother “Bob,” an American army aviator who recently
flew in the New York-Toronto flight.and who also holds the world’s rec-

ord for keeping his machine in actual service for the greatest number of
hours.

J. Cc. Overbagh, whose principal occupation these days js hustling in
copy for the Arco, spent his vacation at his home town, Saugerties, N. Y.,
building a house, and reports there is nothing like it.

Announcements were received this summer of the marriage, on Sat-
urday, August 23, at Locust Farm, Morris Plains, N. J., of Miss Loraine
Cairns Harrison to Mr. John Romaine Riker, Jr. Mrs. Riker has re-
sumed her duties as teacher in the Elementary School and is also in gen-
eral charge of the Alpha House at the Trap. Mr. Riker is a prominent
member of the senior class at Rutgers College and a pitcher on the
varsity baseball team.

Mr. T. Roosevelt Allen has enlisted in our ranks this year as teacher
of French and Spanish. Mr. Allen graduated from Harvard College in
1916, where he was prominent as a baseball player and as a musician. He
is now living in the Alpha House and has already made himself popular
with everybody.

Mention elsewhere is made of the return of Mr. Jerome, better known
as “Mike.” Mr. Jerome is in charge of the Latin department of the
school and everyone is glad to see him back.

No, we haven't forgotten Mr. Cook. He is right back among us with
his winning smile, his friendly word and his mighty handgrip. We be-
lieve he spent the summer on the farm, getting up his muscle so he can
handle our new football huskies in study-hall.

 

lasted an hour. The teachers gave many helpful ideas of the many ways
an honor system can influence all our school life, and predicted that
the spirit among the present boys was distinctly favorable to its success
this year. Many of the fellows told of their experiences and their
purposes at this time and how the acceptance of responsibility for the
Trap developed both the fellows in charge, and the others too.

It was the general opinion that selection of boys to act in the house
committees should be postponed till after the first monthly reports
are out. The meeting was one of the best we ever had and showed a fine
spirit toward the school life on the part of everybody.

 
THE ARGO

~ATHLETIGS |_

10

 

 

 

| $$

FOOTBALL SCHEDULE 1919.

eet Somerville High School, at Somerville.

11. Bound Brook High School, at home.

18. Pennington School, at Pennington.

25. Bordentown Military Institute, at home.
November—

1. Princeton Prep, at home.

8. Open.

12, Rahway High School, at Rahway.

14. Pingry School, at Pingry.

21. New Brunswick High School, at home.

 

FOOTBALL PROSPECTS AS VIEWED BY THE COACH.

The prospects for a winning season are better this year than at any
time since my connection with Prep. Several things contribute to this.

First, we have six letter men back from last year: Gillespie and Eck-
rode at ends, Scudder and Kuhlthau at tackles, Watari at guard, and
Rowland at halfback. There are also several good substitutes from last
year who just missed making their letters. Of the new men, only one has
had much experience, but several are larger than we usually have and all
are trying hard.

The second thing that is going to help in the development of a winning
team is the spirit of the men themselves. All are working harder and
show a disposition to make amends for the past two years. We have set
state championship as our goal and we are working with that end in view.

Taking up the team individually, we observe the following: Captain
Eckrode will quite likely be shifted to quarterback, where his experience
and ability will be more useful to the team. Rowland will again play
right halfback, and, for his size, he is as good as any man in the state.
Kingman, a new man from East Side High School in Newark, will play
full; Bill knows the game well and is a hard worker. At present Tim
Wood looks best at left half, while for backfield substitutes we have
Parker, Manning, A. Atkinson and Anderson. Though inexperienced

these ‘men are trying their best. The ends will likely be Gillespie and
Sayres, with Stocker and Wright alternates.

, All are fast (two excep-
tionally so), can handle forwards well and Ww

ill soon learn to be sure
(Continued bottom of page 12)
THE ARGO 1

Alum qi

82. Rev. Lewis B. Chamberlain has moved from New Brunswick to
Lydecker street, Englewood, N. J. His daughters, Mary and Ann, will
be missed at the Prep School dances.

 

; 12. Raymond Strohl has re-entered the electrical engineering course
in Rutgers College, after an absence of three years in the service. He

was chief electrician in the Navy and was stationed much of the time at
Wexford, Ireland. ;

: 13. Jose M. Carbonell, Lehigh School of Mining Engineering '18,
is in New York organizing a mining company to operate copper mines in
the Andes Mountains of Colombia, South America.

17. George C. Mercer has left Rutgers College to attend the Phila-
delphia Textile School, Philadelphia, Pa. His father owns a large bleach-
ery, and the “mercerized” process of treating cotton was invented by one
of his family.

17. Eddie Hayes has been discharged from the Navy and is entering
Carnegie Tech at Pittsburgh this fall.

Ex-'17. Tom Loomis, Eddie’s chum, is just out of the Navy too, and
is also entering Carnegie Tech. While in the Navy he sustained a bad
fracture of the hip by getting caught by the side of a life-boat in bad
weather. Bill Hazel, who was track coach at Rutgers when Eddie and
Tom were in Prep, is assistant resident coach there, and also head of
physical training.

18. William Hughes, Jr., is a sophomore in Stevens Institute. He
dropped in before opening of school to see his old friends.

Ex-’18. Russell Houghton entered Amherst College this fall, after
graduationg from Andover in the spring. He has entirely recovered from
the illness which made him drop out of Prep, and spent last summer in
getting practical experience in the shipyards at Hog Island, Philadelphia.

Ex-’19. Vincent Olson was in town early in September calling on
members of the faculty. Vinnie has ambitions to enter college after a
very successful career in the Navy, where he attained a rank of junior
lieutenant, junior grade, in naval aviation.

Ex-’21. Aaron Johnson was married September 4 and went to Mon-
treal on his honeymoon. He is now a railway mail clerk between New
York and Washington. He is living in New Brunswick.
. THE ARGO

Exchanges

DorraKCE HUBBELL.

This is rather a difficult month for the exchange editor, as no fall
numbers of the various school papers have been received at this printing.
However, as we must earn our pay, we will make a comment or two on
some old spring numbers of several papers that we have received. Next
month it is our hope to have a large number of exchanges, and we will
do our best to. look over as many of them as possible and offer criticism
or commendation as the case requires ,trusting that our brother schools
will do the same. Truly, this is the only way in which we may know how

improve our paper.

° The Cutler Fortnightly, Cutler School, New York. Excellent as far
as it goes, but why not a little more? A personal or two and a few criti-
cisms by your exchange editor would help. :

The Targum, Rutgers College, New Brunswick. Good, as usual. (If
it were otherwise we would not dare say so, for we'll all be freshmen by
and by.)

The Phoeniv, Pawling School, New York. Some fine stories. Glad
to see a few write-ups in the exchange department, for in many papers
they are few and far between.

The Kent Quarterly, Kent School, Kent, Conn. Your Prize Day Issue
is very good—in spots. The editorial entitled “The Quarterly and Other
Papers” is a bit high-brow, but nevertheless it’s true, although a little so-
called “trash” occasionally does no harm.

The Orange, White Plains High School, White Plains, N. Y. W. P.
H. S. is a “live” one I should say. I think I should have the privilege of
criticizing the exchange department, since I know the editor personally.
1 am not able to criticise it very much, for I could find no department, but
I would suggest there be one and that it contain a few write-ups on other
papers.

If all school papers would have a “Contents Page” or an “Index” it

would be a great help. (I’m hitting home now, but please, Mr. Editor,
it’s true.)

tacklers. Dana Scudder and Kuhlthau will play the tackles, and few in
the state are better than either. Chamberlain and Watari have first call
at the guard positions, and Ray Scudder at cente
by several men, including Moore, Hill,
Neefus, Danforth, DeVoe and others.
that each man must work his hardest to make good.

The interest throughout the ‘school is much better, and with the very
able assistance of Mr. Overbagh and Mr, Jerome, I hope to turn out ‘
team worthy of comparison with any that Prep has ever had. ,

r. All are hard pressed
Beekman, Hansen, Kollmorgen,
Competition for places is so keen
THE ARGO 13

SCHOOL DIRECTORY.

 

 

PREPARATORY
Anderson, Richard..... New Brunswick
Atkinson, Asher, Jr.....New Brunswick
Atkinson, William K....New Brunswick
Baker, William Warren. . Detroit, Mich.
Beekman, John H,, Jr....... Somerville
Blume, Robert.............. Union Hill
Chamberlain, Jacob Bruere—Chicago, III.
Chamberlain, Warren A........ Rahway
Chase, Walter Buell... -Brooklyn, N. Y.
Christensen, Julius S......... Sayreville
Clark, Melville......... New Brunswick
Culpeper Metre bs accerges cs East Orange
Danforth, Edw. J ew Brunswick
DeVoe; :- Kermit iscss ccc; South River
Drake; Bdwii Jinks Sic: South River
Eckrode, Kenneth...... New Brunswick
Gamboa, J......Merida, Yuacatan, Mex.

Gillespie, Herbert B.......Bound Brook

Hansen, Irving Metuchen

Hartley, Fred................... Kearny
Heck, Robert C. H., Jr.,

New Brunswick

Hemingway, Henry....... Bound Brook
Hernandez, Luis Carlos,

Medellin, Columbia

 

Hevia, Eugene......... Brooklyn, N. Y.
Pill, “Richard. Cass. cies sie aledine 3 Nutley
Hindle, Lawton........ New Brunswick
Hofer, William B.....-...... Metuchen
Hubbell, Dorrance..... Mt. Kisco, N. Y.
Ide: Paul As oae ae Derby, Vermont
Iwes,-- Loyal i Tieg . cess oa New Brunswick
Jurado, David. 233 eves Panama
Jurado, Ramon: 02660256 Panama
Kingman, William W.......--. Newark
Kollmorgen, Otta...... Mountain Lakes
Kuhlthau, Yarnall............. Milltown

Leviti, Attilio,
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands

Manning, John L.......New Brunswick
Mittag, Cornelius M........ Park Ridge
Marvin, Hoffman...... New Brunswick

 

 

SCHOOL—1919-20,

Moore, Charles Henry........ Elizabeth
Mosquera, Alfred E.,
Rio de Janerio, Brazil
Naylor, Heard.......... New York City
Neefus, Furman,............ Somerville
Noyes, Malcolm Henry,
Lake George, N. Y.

Parker, Ernest......... New Brunswick
Parker, Richard, Jr....New Brunswick
Prentice, Edwin C......,.. South River
Reiff, John Rae cose Rutherford
Reng; Léon. 65. hada: New Brunswick

Richardson, Wallace Caldwell
Bound Brook
Richter, Max Arnold....New York City
Ritscher, Kenneth........... Bloomfield
Rowland, John......... New Brunswick
Sayres, Robert Bailey,
Honolulu, Hawaii
Scudder, Dana B.....Tindivanam, India
Scudder, Raymond Dumont,
Honolulu, Hawaii
Shaw, Norman P.......... Chicago, IIl.
Schmidzu, Keiji................. Japan
Stocker, William,
Rosebank, Staten Island, N. Y.
Strong, Stephen........ New Brunswick
Stumpf, Conrad Barwood,
Queens, Long Island, N. Y.
Thompson, Charles E.,
White Plains, N. Y.

Tietenberg, Arthur, Jr......... Bayonne
Waldron, John......... New Brunswick
Waldron, Jerome....... New Brunswick

Washbourne, John L....Brooklyn, N. Y.
Watari; Shiro i ccs Sistas seas
Wood; Noeéliies <3 sses wxcuslye §

Wood, Timothy L.
Wright; Bintiey siciicsi scene Selvecslel «ls

Van Erden, Bernard....New Brunswick
Van Wagoner, Alex. Jr., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Voorhees, Justin M....New Brunswick

   

 
14 THE ARGO

ELEMENTARY SCHOOL—1919-20.

Anderson, Beverly......New Brunswick
Baker, Charles A.......-. Bound Brook
Beardslee, John New Brunswick
Bearman, Elizabeth.....New Brunswick
Board, Robert........-+ New Brunswick
Bromm, Eleanor........New Brunswick
Brown, Phoebe.........New Brunswick

 
 

 
 
  

Burr, Clements oi... sven es oe Metuchen
Burr, - Robert. vs css eovdtons Metuchen
Campbell, Irving.........6.5 +. Metuchen
Carpender, James....... New Brunswick

Case, Mary.............New Brunswick
Clark, Eleanor.........New Brunswick
Clark, Heber ccosesccts New Brunswick
Condon, Josephine......New Brunswick
Connolly, Alice.........New Brunswick
Connolly, Marie.. ..New Brunswick
Cook, Gilbert. . ...New Brunswick
Cook, Mary Esther..... New Brunswick
Cowenhoven, Emily K..New Brunswick
Cowenhoven, Margaretta... New Bruns’k

   

Deshler, James......... New Brunswick
DeWitt, Georgiana..... New Brunswick
Dhavernas, Henry...... New Brunswick
Dhavernas, John....... New Brunswick
Dhavernas, Marc.......New Brunswick

Doughaday, William....New Brunswick
Douglass, William... .... Jersey City
Echaverria, Carlos,

Baranquilla, Colombia
Edgar, Donald:23....2 Metuchen
Eckrode, Clementina.... New Brunswick
Forney, Norman..... New Brunswick
Fofiteix, Rene: i... <i. 3... Milltown
Ferwerda, Carol........New Brunswick
Greacen, Katherine..... New Brunswick
Gutmann, Anne...... -New Brunswick
Gutmann, Elizabeth.....New Brunswick
Gutmann, Jane......... New Brunswick
Gutmann, Margaret..... New Brunswick
Gwynne, Henry.........New Brunswick

 

 

  

 

 

Hann, Juliase. 600033 New Brunswick
Hann, Ottilies. -: 2.50.3: New Brunswick
Harkins, Bernice....... New Brunswick
Hayes, Edwin New Brunswick
Heck, Molly Ss. s655.5 ¢ New Brunswick
Heffernan, Howard....New Brunswick
Hemingway, Richard......Bound Brook

 

 

 

 

Henry, Mary: ......... New Brunswick
Hindle, Dorothy........New Brunswick
Hobson, Henry......... New Brunswick
Howley, Bartholomew..New Brunswick
Howley, Margaret...... New Brunswick
Howarth, Richard...... New Brunswick
Hull, Kathryn................Metuchen
ial): ati) ie Sealey hoc lerecoxne Metuchen
Igoe, Edward........... New York City
Josselyn, Merwin. . -New Brunswick
Kern; Ralph is science 5 New Brunswick
Kline, Harold. 2. 5. cvs. New York City
Konishi. Padlis3 sic: vedere West Orange
Kuhlthan, Conrad 0.6. os esses Milltown
Levenson, Harold...... New Brunswick
Lippincott, Dorothy........... Metuchen
Loblein, Eldon......... New Brunswick
Loblein, Margaret...... New Brunswick
Lowrie, Davids: 2355.5. New York City
Mallett: Harry: ooo. New Brunswick
March; Jeans, (2 New Brunswick
McCormick, E. Clinton..New Brunsw’k
McCormick, Charles....New Brunswick
McCormick, Jeanne....New Brunswick
McCormick, Virginia...New Brunswick
McLaughlin, Carol..... New Brunswick
McLaughlin, Grace..... New Brunswick
Midkiff, Mildred........ New Brunswick
Mifflin, Betty...........New Brunswick
Moritz, Gordon........:.. Bound Brook
Moritz; Palmer. *.) Bound Brook
Mundy, Stanley. civeccc cece ‘Metuchen
Naylor, Barclay........ New York City
Parker, Haswell.......... Bound Brook
Perry, Davidse sssionchen Bound Brook
Peyton, Arthur.........New Brunswick
Peyton, Estelle......... New Brunswick
Rannazzisi, James...... New Brunswick
Rice, Kathleen. ......... New Brunswick
Rice, J. Kearny.........New Brunswick
Rice, Margaretta....... New Brunswick
Ross, Beatrice.......... New Brunswick
Ross, James............ New Brunswick
Ross, Janet... .vscccn New Brunswick

Ross, Jonathan. . -New Brunswick
Ross, Margaret. . -New Brunswick
Rush, Bennett............002.. Elizabeth

Schureman, Helen...... New Brunswick

 
THE ARGO

 

 

 

 

15
Scudder, Frances.......New Brunswick Van Middlesworth, Alice
Slonim, Clarice. soseeeeNew Brunswick few Brunswick
Slonim, Lucille RS pecans New Brunswick Van Winkle, Russell....New Brunswick
Smith, Charles Aa NG Ssavhie a New Brunswick Waldron, Elizabeth.....New Brunswick
Smith, Louise Yew Brunswick Waldron, Janet.........New Brunswick
Smith, Richard y Brunswick Walters, William....... New Brunswick
Snow, Evelyn ’ Brunswick Warne, Mary...........New Brunswick
Stein) Di Bracks exivansoce:...- Bound Brook Watson, Malcolm.......New Brunswick
Stevens, Margaret...... New Brunswick Watson, Russell........New Brunswick
Strong, John.........., New Brunswick Webb, Barbara......... New Brunswick
Strong, Woodbridge....New Brunswick Webb, Roberta......... New Brunswick
Suydam, Margaret......New Brunswick Wright, Ernest... .1....New Brunswick
Swan, Francis........... New York City Wright, Margaret...... New Brunswick
Van Doren, Eleanor............ Stelton  Yarnall, Ruth.......... New Brunswick

ODZZENENDZ.

Senior: “How can I get some cider?”
Freshie: “Squeeze your Adam’s apple.”

Yarnell (talking about Milltown): “You fellows ought to see some
of our country preserves and jellies.”

Van Wagoner (from New York): “That’s nothing. You should see
some of our subway jams.”

“Did Hubbell ever go out for athletics?”
“Why, yes. He holds the record for jumping at conclusions.”

While walking down College avenue in the rain Scudder saw two
handsome young ladies.

Scudder: “Oh, boy! Look at the chickens. They'll get wet without
an umbrella.”

Hill: “They're not chickens; they’re ducks.”

Mr. Cook (at dismissal): “I don’t see how so many of you can talk
when you have nothing to say.”

Mr. Cook: “Geometry comes hard to you, doesn’t it, Chase?”
Chase: “Why, no.” i
Mr. Cook: “Well, then, it doesn’t come at all.

First Nut: “Yes, they have cut glass at the restaurant where I eat.”

Second Nut: “Is that so?” :

First Nut: “Sure; you cut your mouth every time you take a drink.”
‘ B. W.
"HE ARGO
16 THE AR
eR

 

 

OatH TAKEN BY YOUNG ATHENIANS Wien AssuMING RESPONSIBILITY
or CITIZENSHIP

We will never bring disgrace to this, our city, by any act of dishonesty,
or cowardice, nor ever desert our suffering comrades in the ranks. We
will fight for the ideal and sacred things of the city. We will revere and
obey the city’s laws and do our best to excite a like respect and reverence
in those above us who are prone to annul and set them at naught. We
will strive unceasingly to quicken the public sense of civic duty, and thus
in all these ways we will transmit this city, not only not less, but greater,

better and more beautiful than it was transmitted to us.

 

 

fe Spalding 7

F cot Ball Goods

  

 

 

BALLS, GOALS, GUARDS,
PADS, SHOES, ETC.
ho
Judge of the tree by its fruit! In addition of course—
Judge of ur el thes by their wear Spalding Equipment for every
foneyback if you want i
The best of-everything men and boys wear other Athletic Sport

Special “Shopping Service
for orders by mail.

SEND FOR CATALOGUE

 

 

Rogers Peet Company

adway A.G. SPALDING & BROS.

 

 

Broadway : Bros

at 13th St. “Four at 34th St . .
Broadway Convenient Broadway 126 Nassau St., New York City
at Warren PTDeTe at 41st St. ret a an

 

NEW YORK CITY

Edward Hingher Co.

Telephone 639

Headquarters for Reliable Furniture of Every Description

 

Special attention given to all kinds of repairs and
finishing. Goods called for and deliy ered free

116-122 NEILSON STREET NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY
 

THE ARGO

mee 17

MITTAG & VOLGER

INCORPORATED

UY

MANUFACTURERS OF

TYPEWRITER
SUPPLIES

FOR THE TRADE ONLY

 

PRINCIPAL OFFICE AND FACTORY

Park Ridge New Jersey

 

 

 
THE

ARGO

 

 

Our Motto

do

Cleanliness

 

 

Protect the

ep

Babies

 

 

The Cleanest RAW MI
despite careful handling.
the danger can be removed.
our Pasteurized Milk—so w

AULUS’
OSITIVELY
ERFECT
ASTEURIZED

USE

 

JOSEPH GROSS, Tailor

Cleaning, Dyeing, Pressing and
Repairing
Suits Made to Order
26 French St.

 

 

 

 

Get your Newspapers, Magazines
Tobacco, Cigars and Post Cards at

SGHNEIDER BROS.

Wholesale Prices on Tobacco Goods for
Fraternities
Sold at 34 French Street

New Brunswick, N. J.

LK is dangerous—all kinds of disease germs lurk in it
Proper Pasteurization is the only absolute way in which

You secure a really Rich Pure Milk when you buy
hy not stop taking chances and also obtain the best?
Two Salesmen Deliver Throughout Highland Park :

MILK

THE PAULUS DAIRY

Joun Pautus, Prop.
189-193 New St. Phone 1434

 

HART BROS.

PIANOS AND PIANO PLAYERS
—PIANO TUNING—
K

 

137 Church Street

New Brunswick -  - New Jersey

 

Tel. 1148 Res. Phone 1330-M, H. P.

Flynn Bros.
Builders

Room 308
National Bank of New Jersey Bldg.
390 GEORGE STREET

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

NIC. WIRTH
TAILOR
SUITS TO ORDER
Cleaning, Pressing, Repairing
Neatly Done

Thirty years’ experience
18 Easton Avenue
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 
 

THE

We Can Suit You

The Fall Clothes are in

Snellenberg
Clothes Shop

97 CHURCH STREET

H.C.F.RANDOLPH

High Grade
Pbotograpber

Portraiture, Artists’ Proofs, Platinum Proofs
and Porcelains

 

School Groupings a Specialty
TEL. 584
319 George St., New Brunswick, N. J

 

Archer’s

Smart Shoes
—FOR—
Young Men
Styles of the times for every oc-

casion which are absolutely
correct in every detail

J

17 PEACE STREET

New Brunswick - - - New Jersey

 

ARGO

CORDOVAN SHOES

Our lines of ver i
M y smart Shoes are touching
& responsive chord in the hearts of Y
on, e
who go to the atyle limit! _

We've the sort of sh th
Young Man who take a keen forces ia th
sak
Personal appearance, saree

Foot-Ball, Gymnasium & Athletic Shoes

WM. #H. MANSFIELD
Phone 770-W,

9 Peace St, New Brunswick, N, J.
The House of Better Shoes.

Rolfe Building Materials Co.
Masons’ Materials,
Lumber,

Door and Window Frames,
Interior House Trim,

Doors and Sash
BOXES

{81 Burnet Street
New Brunswick

New Jersey

 

WOOD FINISHINGS OF ALL KINDS

Decorating Work in Dorms was done by
H. L. Bartholomew
«HOUSE PAINTER...

177 Church St.,
Phone 649

All work executed promptly and in the
best manner

BRUNS

CHOCOLATE
SHOP

The Home of Good Soda

New Brunswick,
New Jersey

361 George Street

 

 
THE

Jon P. Wall

Gents’ Furnishings
and

Tailorings
379 George St.
NEW BRUNSWICK NEW JERSEY

Oe a
LEWIS BOARD

Successor to G. W- Russell
French and Schuyler Sts.

n furn-

20

Can justly claim that he cat
sood and Clean Coal as can

ish as (
A trial order

be found anywhere.
will convince you of this fact.

New Brunswick, New Jersey
ce Se Un eS SS
Paint is Cheaper than Lumber

 

The Jonlee Co.

23 Bayard Street, New Brunswick
154 Smith Street, Perth Amboy

 

 

Telephone 1155

Joseph J. Mangin

Electrical Contractor
Electrical Supplies

Electric, Gas and Combination Fixtures

 

42 Bayard St. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

ARGO

S. ZIMMERMAN

BARBER
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES

At George and New Street

“Zimmerman’s Corner”

Stationery and Sporting Goods

Lyons & Parker

GOOD CLOTHES TO MEASURE
GOOD CLOTHES READY TO WEAR

GOOD HATS
GOOD FURNISHINGS

AT LOWEST SPOT CASH PRICES
Agents for A. G. Spaulding & Bros.
Sporting Togs
83 Ghurch St, New Brunswick, N. J.
ee

Shaving Troubles
Melt away in
the lather of

Johnson’s
Shaving Cream Soap

Its the
foundation
of shaving
comfort

DRUGGISTS SELL IT

 

 
 

THE

ARGO

21

 

We Carry a Complete Line
OF

Kodaks and Photo Supplics
Let us do your
DEVELOPING and PRINTING

WE DO IT RIGHT

Gréeussner Pharmacy

Landsberg Bldg. 143 Albany St.

Specialty High Grade Milk Chocolates

Paris Confectionery

Home Made
Confectionery and Ice Cream

380 George St. : New Brunswick, N. J.

 

J. BAHASH

ON THE CORNER

“The Handy Place at Recess”

 

MANUFACTURER OF

IOE CREAM AND CANDIES

INTEMANN’S

336 GEORGE ST.

NEW BRUNSWICK NEW JERSEY

Delicious Ice Cream Soda

Bring Your Old Shoes to be
Repaired to

New Brunswick Shoe Repair Co.

17 EASTON AVE.

Best Material Used : Lowest Prices

 

Hotel Rlein

ALBANY AND BURNET STs.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J,

BaNoQuets AND DINNERS SPECIALIZED

KLEIN BROS., Props.

 

S. SLONIM

Jeweler

All Kinds ef Society Emblems Made to Order

111-113 CHURCH ST.
New Brunswick - New Jersey

Our PLUMBER

Charles A. McCormick, Jr.

PHONE 246

New Brunswick New Jersey

They Have Snap and Dash
Our Hats, Caps and Fur-
nishings will please you

Stewart & Clayton

109 Church Street
Established 91 years

 

 

I Would egifies go to

LOUTES
Wouldn’t You?

ACROSS THE STREET

 

ESTABLISHED 1888
MUELLER & NEW
351 GEORGE STREET

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

|
THE ARGO

 

 

 

 

 

22
1p YOU GET IT AT MONIGAN'S, IT’S THE BEST
EVERYTHING GOOD and FRESH
MONIGAN’S PHARMACY
Phooe 349 376 GEORGE STREET im Brunswick
Fast ENpr6ss Serulos. , SELLS”
Ask the “Fellows;” they know
AT FREIGHT RATES VIA. Anything and Everything
Robert W. Johnson’ CONFECTIONERY
James Ww. Johnsen s Vv away
Steamers | Frank M. Riley Just two blocks ‘ay
If You Come Once, You are Sure to
Between New York and New Brunswick Come Again
Leaving New Pier No. 1 North | a Heidingsfeld Co.
River daily at 3 o'clock (Sun- | PRINTERS

days excepted). | PUBLISHERS
BOOK BINDERS

|
Middlesex Transportation Go.) oe ee La

_Phone 401 New Brunswick

tor ee BO. Oo a ELLIMAN
P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS CO. feweler andl! Optician

New Brunswick, N. J. And Dealer in Diamonds, Watches,
° : Clocks, &c., Keys and Society
Leading Dry Goods Store, msdses'atade to Order
EYES PROPERLY FITTED

FOR MERCHANDISE OF RUTGERS COLLEGE OR “PREP” SEAL AND PIN

 

 

 

QUALITY 33 Albany St., New Brunswick, N. J.
John ni oM Al Ariel Geo. G. MacPherson Phone 208-M
JET WHITE
Steam and Hand Laundry P. NYBO

Care and Cleanliness “Our Motto.”

80 CHURCH ST.
Phone 47 New Brunswick, N. J. | 92 Albany St., New Brunswick, N. J.

PHOTOGRAPHER

 

 

 

 
 

THE

 

G. H. BISSETT

Druggist
AGENT FOR

Huyler's Bon-Bons and Chocolates
Cranes Fine Chocolates
Soda, Kodaks and Supplies
Developing and Printing

420 George St, New Brunswick, N. J.

Our $4.00 Hats Cannot be

Beaten in this City

Hodson Hat Co.

92 Church Street

Exclusive Hats, Caps and Ties
Special Values in Ties

 

I. S. Van Derveer

PHOTOGRAPHER

345 GEORGE STREET

New Brunswick New Jersey

Rensselaer
% , Polytechnic

ee, % Institute,
a Troy, N.Y.

Atichoolor Rictnbedia. |

eeu
y¢,
Ge

Mechanical,
Electrical.
Science.

ARGO

23

Boys---Duting School Days Shop
for Your Clothing ana
Furnishings

at

TEPPER BROS.
Athlete. Genes.

Spalding Line
AT

REED'S BOOK STORE

380 George Street

| THE GLOBE FURNITURE CO.

Neilson and Church Streets
| NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

| es

ALL HOUSEHOLD FURNISHINGS

 

 

COMPLIMENTS
OF

GAMMA SIGMA PI

 

 
