 

 

Vor. IT.

The Argo:

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL TEAR, BY THE

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

Cc. W. GULICK, “31, 3. P. STOUT, “91.
Senior Editors.

J. E. JENNINGS, °22. W. B. COLLIER,‘ SHUBEL K. SIVER. 2
Asctate Editors

A. SCHUYLER CLARK, “1. RK. PAINTER, M4.
Busiaess Managers,

One copy, one year, seventy-five cents.
All commmuications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
Cc. W. Guurex, New Brunswick, N.J..and must be accompanied

with the name of the author.

HE ARGO is a year and an issue old and, to
celebrate its first issue in 1891, it comes out

in a new cover.
This was given by one of the paper's warmest
friends, Prof. Cummings, who has always aided
Tue Arco with his advice and interest, and has

now supplied one of its greatest needs.
The cover was designed by a member of the

class of "95 and, not blowing our own trumpet, we
leave it to the readers to judge of its merits. It
will be noticed that there are books in the design
1] as various articles used for sports and
pleasure. These show that we are students. The
prominence of the quills ought to be a hint to
many to write for THE ARGO. It will be seen
that the old historic name of the school, dear to
most of us, has been retained. Even if the Gram-
mar has been changed to /’reparatory, we hope
that the old name will not die out. The Gram-
mar Schvol has a history of which to be proud
and THE Arco will try to keep that in mind.

In behalf of the school the editors thank Prof.
Cummings for his gift, hoping that he may receive

as we

OHE ® FIRGO.

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J... JANUARY, 1891.

 

some return for his kindness in the pleasure he
has afforded every one of ‘THE ARGO'S readers.

T present there are a number of schemes in the
school either just accomplished, in the state

of being accomplished, or in the embryo state.
New singing books have been procured, THE ARGO
has a new cover, a school button has been chosen,
a base-ball team is to be organized, a school an-
nual is being discussed, and a reception at the

Home is planned.

Schemes are fine things if they are practicable
and do not interfere with what have been previ+
ously begun. We already have several things in
school which rightly claim our attention. The Y.
M. C. A., THE ARGo, and the Glee Club deserve
our support in no half-hearted way, and into the
base-ball teams and tennis club should be thrown
all our athletic vim and spirit. Then if we have
any superfluous energy and time left, let us choose
carefully some scheme which will benefit us and
push that scheme heartily, and not have too many

irons in the fire at once.

(Ns is drawing to an end. The weather
is beginning to moderate and over the land

base-ball is once more beginning to be the topic

of conversation among lovers of the national game.

We have heard rumors of organizing a base-ball

team, or teams, and hope that the rumors are true.

In every college that takes an interest in base-ball
the batteries, at least, have been practicing for

for some time already. The record we made in
foot-ball was good, and if our standing in athletics
is to be kept up, the same hard work and practice
must be taken by the base ball nine as that which
gave the foot-ball eleven their victories. We hope
then that the nine will speedily be formed and that
they will practice whenever they have a chance.
If they do their part, the whole school will stand
ready to aid them either in providing the necessary
means or in cheering them on to victory.
28

In 1621 New York was settled by men from
Holland. For some time they were kind and just
to their red neighbors, but unscrupulous traders
sold the terrible * fire water” to the poor red man
and immediately he became a fiend.

A settler at Newark sold rum to the son of a
Hackensack chief and, while he was drunk, stole
his beaver skin. When the Indian awoke from
his sleep he found his beaver skin gone, and ina
great rage shot James Van Vorst.
demanded of the tribe that the murderer should

The Governor

be given up, but the Indians refused, saying that
the murderer was drunk when he did the act, and
that the man who sold him the rum was responsi-
ble.

As night came on, several boats full of armed
men set out from the Battery. Silently they
climbed the opposite bank and disappeared in the
forest. The people on the New York side of the
river heard a scream of agony and saw the glow of
burning wigwams. When the soldiers returned
each man carried a ghastly trophy, a bloody head;
over a hundred men and women perished in the
massacre.

Was it strange that the Indians vowed ven-
gence? Was it to be wondered at that he took it
in his own terrible way?

And although the tomahawk has been often
buried and the “peace pipe” often smoked be-
tween the Red Man and his “ White Brother,” yet
there has been enmity between the Indian and
the White Man up to this very hour.

As civilization advanced the Indians were’

forced to retreat, until at the present day a few
degraded beings, scattered all over the west, are
the sole remnant of the free and mighty race that
once roamed throughout the whole extent of this
continent of North America.

THE OLD MAID AGAIN.

] AM placed in a decidedly awkward position in
attempting to answer “ Y’s” article in the last
Arco. In writing “The Wail of the Old Maid” I
showed my sympathy with the girls, revealing some
of my inmost thoughts and crushing my strong
boyish instincts, for the time, out of courtesy.
How those boyish instincts bristled up when I was

She Arga.

attacked by a girl! I was expecting a Teply from
a boy and was fully prepared to champion the
cause of the girls and of my so-called girlish—oy
“old maidish "—characteristics, But when a girl
attacks me it is too much and I make haste, ag a
boy, to defend myself, even though | may appear
in the awkward position of a defender of two
sides of a question,

It is just like a girl—! hore!

That is my
boy nature cropping out.

! don't mean that at
all. I simply wish to state that it is a feminine
characteristic showing itself in “Y ”—of course
an “old maid” does not have the feminine vices
—to give me a little pal on the head in a sublim.
ely patronizing way in saying: “I am glad that
you acknowledge that girls are Superior to boys;
of course, as I ama girl, I have no doubt of the
veracity of that statement, but not every boy will
admit it, though I am sure in his heart he be-
lieves it to be true.” Did you ever see such are-
ception of what is a most handsome concession
for a boy to make? A boy always makes a con-
cession in return for one, anda boy, in being an
“old maid,” does not put off the good traits of a
boy.

Now in regard to wearing gloves when weeding
I will state that if there is any one article of dress
I thoroughly detest it is gloves. I don't care
about the “softness and whiteness” of my hands,
I merely want them clean and smooth. I do not
wish to be a dude, but simply a neat and partic-
ular boy.

“Y's” artistic senses are rather odd if she
imagines studying the designs even for a college
Gymnasium would satisfy true artistic longing.
As for not using the mouth organ or jews-harp,
they are better than nothing ; and I can assure
her that we hear more than we want to of our
glee club—it is not all pleasure to hear them
practice.

Then see the sarcasm in “ Y's” knowing “ boys .

who can play the piano (unfortunately for their
Jamilies).” That does not seem to agree with
her most estimable opinion that “a sister should
encourage her brother.” She seems skeptical
about a boy’s being able to hold a baby and
treats that solemn and weighty subject rather
 

fippantly. I know one boy at least who can hold
a baby and Keep it quiet. There!

In the rest of her article I think «y» has
struck the right vein and the remarks at the end
especially are good. J'2/ not Say any thing in
the line of advice for I have noticed that girls do
not take hints given by boys in the spirit in
which they are given. That is ambiguous, I
know, so I’ll leave it as it stands.

Hoping that I have not made a “ muddle” of
what I have written I'll add one word before I
stop. That is that I hope some boy will go for
me for being an “old maid” so that I ean lay
him out in fine style, prove how thoroughly I
sympathize with girls, and do something to make
me feel less mean in having picked to pieces an
article written by a girl. AUNTIE,

SKATING.

_ a boy feel proud when he gets his first

pair of skates. And when he gets down to
the pond and tries to strike out, doesn’t he feel
just the opposite. It beats a circus to see him try
to walk and all of a sudden go down without any
warning as if he meant to crack the ice; and as
likely as not he will be so foolish as to hit the back
of his head and a good part of his ardor for skating
will depart.

There is no need of thumping your head when
you fall. I have skated for five years and have
had a great many falls, in fact I think more than
my share, and I never, buc once, hit my head. It
sounds foolish to say that, when you fall, you
should hold your head well up, because you gener-
ally fall so unexpectedly that you do not have time
to think; but if you should try to think, you would
not find it so very hard after all.

Skating is one of the best sports because it is
such good exercise and takes you out in the pure,
bracing air. (Note: Beginners are apt to think
it is good exercise from the way they feel the next
day.)

In order to appreciate the sport let us take a
skate. Get your skates and possibly your polo-
stick too and come on. If here in New Brunswick
we shall go either to Weston’s Mills, a walk of two
miles, or to the canal which is close at hand, We

 

Ohe Argn. 20

like the walk in this clear, cold air, so we shall go
to Weston’s. Ah! there is the pond at last, two

miles of smooth ice.
Let us stop a minute to look at the picture.

Right here is a party of boys and girls putting on
their skates. Over further is a boy trying to stand
up. There! Down he goes, but he is soon up
and at it again. A little further on are a couple
of boys practicing fancy moyements and way up
the pond when it broadens is a large party of boys
playing polo. All over we see skaters swiftly glid-
ing along. Ah! there is a couple, a lady and
gentleman. See how gracefully they skim along.
They are doing the “outer edge.” Qh it is fine
—but I want to go skating myself so I shall stop.
ae / ALRIC,
PERSONALS.

Who is * Sweet William ?”

No doubt but that Jesse Suydam can tell how
deep the canal is, for he’s been there.

R_K. Painter and J. G. Blackwell, of ‘91, have
left the classical section of the class to join the
scientific.

“Ma” says that when he wore his “Sheeny ”
cap in R—— during the holidays the boys sang
Where did you get that hut?

Several of the “Trap” boys have started a non-
shaving club. They have resolyed that razors
shall not touch their upper lips until Easter.

R. B. Littel, ’90, was here for a few days during
his vacation visiting English. He looks well and
familiar and intends to enter College next autumn.

Four new fellows have entered school since the
holidays: Geo. Deshler, ’91, New Brunswick ;
Lane L. Cooper, ‘92, New Brunswick ; Henry J.
Spelker, ’92, Troy., N. Y. ; Theo. W. R. Van Het
Loo, ’91, Paterson, N. J. The last two are in the
“Trap.”

“Wooly” visited the Hotel Lakewood during
vacation and climbed the tower to take in the
view. When asked how he liked it, he answered,
“It's all over paint,” and nothing else could be
golten out of him.

N. B.—It may be well to add that the tower
had been recently painted,
30

Y. M. ©. A;

The topics for the Wednesday prayer meetings
at the Home are:

Feb. 4— Courage.” Psalms 119: 46. Leader,
J. P. Stout.

Feb. 11—* A Secret of Success.”
10: 12. Leader, Byron Cummings.

Feb. 18—* Holding Fast.”
Leader, F. Johanknecht.

Feb. 25—“ Our School’s Needs.”
H. Seeberger.

Il Samuel
I. Thess. 3: 21.
Leader, J.

The following are the subjects for the meetings
at the school building:

Feb. 6.—*‘ Pressing Forward.”

Feb. 13.— The Trust Committed to Us.”

Feb. 20.— The Touch of Jesus.”

Feb. 27.—“ Let Your Light Shine.”

Leaders will be provided for later.

 

REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
To the Head Master and Students of the Rutgers
College Preparatory School.

Your -committee on a school badge have the
honor to submit to you the following report :

Several attempts have been made heretofore to

adopt a distinctive emblem for the Rutgers College
Preparatory School, all of which, from one cause
and another, have been futile. It has been difficult
to find a fit design which could be manufactured
at a reasonable price; but the committee think
that they have accomplished the task assigned
them in as satisfactory a manner as _ possible, after
two months correspondence with manufacturing
jewelers. It has been found that a pin, whether
of gold or silver, would cost so much as to be nec-
essarily out of the question ; so your committee
recommend instead the adoption of a school but-
ton in the shape of a square lozenge divided into
two triangles, one of which shall be colored black
and the other white, thus presenting the time-
honored colors of the Rutgers College Prepara-
tory School.

Manufactured in a style idertical with that of
the Rutgers College button, such a button can be
gotten in quantities of 50, for $1.10 each : of 100
for $1.00 each; and the committee are confident
that nothing satisfactory can be obtained for a less

Ghe Arges.

 

 

sum. If desired, the buttons can easily be changed
into pins; but is thought advisable that they be
manufactured as buttons, as well for eCononiy as
convenience,
D. Sacara, '91, W. B. Cotuirr, ’92,
Wn. H. van ALLEN.

 

IN MEMORIAM.

O the memory of R. K. Painter, J. G. Blackwell
and G. S. Ludlow who departed the classical

life during this (the second) term of the school
year of 1890--91.

They were cut off in the midst of their promis-
ing young lives just as they were about to attain
the goal of their ambitions—graduation, not by
dread flunks or by the hand of the faculty, but,
sad to say, by their own hand and will.

Life stretched out before them in all its joyous
beauty—the valedictory undoubtedly awaited one,
distinguished honors the second, and before the
third lay the future. But they were cut off and
have gone down to the death of the scientifics’ lot ;
and while the fiends of the scientific world rejoice
over their prey, we, the classicals, mourn our loss
and extend our most sympathetic consolations to
the friends of the deceased.

Ossa eorum requiese uit in pace.

LaTer.—Since the above was written one has
been resurrected to the real life which may be
found in wrestling with the classics.

 

OUR GLEE CLUB.

HE Glee Club took part in the Christmas ex-
ercises of the Hope Mission Sunday School
on Friday evening, December roth. The pieces
rendered were both humorous and pretty, and
were much appreciated by the audience. ‘The
Spanish Guitar, with Van Dyck and Stilson ac-
companying, was especially well received, and
Who Built That Ark afforded a great deal of
amusement to the little folks. 7
* * *

The treasurer wishes to state that the ten cent
fine for absence from Friday afternoon rehearsal
is a great success. The members have paid up
promptly when fined, and the club has been en-
abled to buy some new sheet music.
SQUEAKS.
“ Drawr ” an angle.
I “underconstumble.”
“Pete” says 180-104—=40.
A girl skating is a n-ice looking girl.
To repeat an inci-dental joke is tooth-in.
After a snow storm the skating is-now good. .

Have you any “superfluoutous” wrapping pa-
per?

“Considerable many more prob‘ems” are like
‘that.

A “pony” used at night might wi ‘opri

s with propriet

be called a “ night-mare.” a

It is strange that the auctioneer does not get
very hoarse at a horse auction.

Extract from a composition: “Turkey, chicken,
quail, rabbit, and other fowl.”

One of the fellows says it is bad to “talk too
much with one’s mouth.”

Ceesar,-according to a history scholar “ allevi-
ated” the poor people of Rome.

« Solomon” got a “memento” of the Glee
Club’s pleasant visit to Hope Mission.

“ Ma” is bound to fix “ Wooly’s” tie when it is
ascending. He is determined to have him tie dy.

Student (seated) translating.— “ The sun was

setting.”
Prof.— “ Let the son rise, please.”

Prof.-—“ Y—, what is the meaning of a toast at
a banquet ?”

y_—*« Why, a-a kind of dish.”
_ «Solomon ” says he is going to a convevt
and will become a nun, but Stilson says there will
be nun (none) like him.

R. V. D. says he can’t dance “ fairy” (very)
This is a pun as a “fairy ” is * Rat” slang

good.
and R. V. D. was trying to dance the girls

for girl
“part.
X,—How many kinds of letters are there?
Y.—Two kinds. Business and love letters.
X.—What is the difference ?

Y.—One is sense the other is nonsense.

school a lecture—“ I do not
lying about the room. What
oy threw paper around in your

Prof. giving the
want to see paper
would you do if ab

private room e “oe lh
Vv. S.—in an undertone—“ Kick him!

Prof. overhearing the remark.—* It is rather
hard to kick a fellow in @ looking-glass.”
Chorus “catching on.” —“ Hoh-ha-ha,

Ohe Arya. $1

 

ae

 

THE GREAT

Mtlantie and Pacific
Tea Co.,

IMPORTING RETAILERS IN————

TEGS, COFFEES,
Baking RPewder

And CONDENSED MILK,

Gor, Peace & Church .Jts.,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-

rect with customers.
345°200 Stores in the United States.

 

 

Sy
aS as
— =
Le =
—_— —
i —
=> —
7 nr

cm
iis S

 

OYS, you are all invited to visit our
new and spacious store. We take
pleasure in showing our friends around.
When you want to purchase anything
in the way of Wearing Apparel, we guar-
antee to give the best value at the low-
est prices. Weare the Largest Outfit-

ters in the State.
SPECIAL:—We carry a full line of Sporting
Goods.

A, WOLPSON & SONS, Sin ettswcks NS J
’ ef )
6h et Ar qo.
7 When you want SHOES OF ANY DESCRIPTION, go to

a ~N. LOOK! Wm. H. Cooper, Jr.'s
YOUNG MEN, CHURCH STREET. : -

Give him a eal] and he wil]

3

25
a i 5 y y wish for.
» kind of Shoes you may wis
— Bax’ Prices Low.
ak
(|
|

—, .

: ception,
Base Ball, Tennis, Receptio do you good.

‘FINEST SHOES?

| jo f eA I]
a yuigers A) allege,
9
New Brunswick, N. J.
Term opened September 17th, 1890.

SLOAN PRIZES
For rue Besr (Crasstcat) Enrrance Examiya-
tions : First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350

'

S

4)

ST STYLE
IIUd Lsa MOT

u

  

e & | ($50 cash).
: 2D | ‘Twenty Prof sors. No tutors. The classical course 1s ample and
io oe | thorough “ti course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin,
| German, French, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronomy, Chem:
istry, Physics and English Li erature in Junior and Senior years,

—AT—

ne & Wancokialra? | The Scientific Department is the New Jersey
Harding & Mansfield's | State College. 50 Free Scholarships.
=) | ly to your pounty Superintendent of Education, or to the
| e College.

Apply
President of th re, .

A Pr Scientific School of High Grade. Three Courses of
ach—" Engineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture and

    

A New Course in Electricity.

Factory and Retail Store,
g PEAGE STREET. | Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
| Surveying. Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
| ononncal Observatory

ratus for each student. A well-equipped Astr
for Student’s use,

j we 5 A New $40,000 Laboratory
G x M N A TI k * S H O E o | for the Chemical and Biological “work of the State Agricultural Expe-
r a riment Station and the State College under the “ Hatch Bill” appro-
IN GREAT VARI ETY. | priation of $15,000 per annum,
Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR
IN THE CITY.

For Catalogue or for any information address Invine

S. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D..
President,

Shoes Made to Measure. TAPKEN ,® MILLER,

GEORGE J. LITTERST & CO,
LITERS aw CANS’ meen, OYztehmakers & Jewelers

New Brunswick, Ned ee New Brunswick, N. J.

 

52 Church Street,

SILVER, HURDETT & CO. » Publishers,
Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every branch
of School and Collexe Work,

MUSIC COURSE,

 

NORMAL "
EM OF WRITING, Mlustrated Catalogues mailed free to any address. Corres-
a COURSE IN SPELLING, pondence with teachers and educators
Welsh's Grammars; Composition; Rhetoric, is solicited,
Mac Coun’s Historical Publications, BOSTON: 6 Hancock Avenue,
Young Folks’ Library, NEW YORK; v0 and 743 Broadway,
CHICAGO; 122 and 194 Wabash Avenue.

Stowell’s A Healthy Body, ete., eto, |
*K DEPISON & WImsem x

(SUCCESSORS TO FRED b. KILMER,)

‘i x 6 edieci y 5 Ns ~
Pure Drugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and

Mineral Waters

Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Waters
Photographie Supplies.

 

 

Wa. M. Davison.

Srp oe
* Drug «
MASONIC HALL.

Garrer Wuson.

 

School and College
‘Text-Books.

English Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern Languages,
Philosophy, Mathematics, History,
Political Science, ete.

REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS,

White’s Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin-
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott's Greek
Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

 

The-:- National-:-Music-:-Course,
Recently adopted by the New Brunswick
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N.Y.

0. O. STILLMAN,

DEALER IN

Hiamonds, Clutches,

Jewelry and Sterling Silver.
(ay Society Pins of all kinds. Made to Order.

No. 49 Chureh Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.

A. Craig Voortees, ;

DIGMONDS,

HATCHES AMD FINE JEWELEY,
Society and Glass Pins,

Ageut for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BL
CYCLE SUNDRIES,

No, 21 Peace Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

ees NS

Seconp GO Nene.

We do not carry second class

goods in either ready-made or : ‘27:

:* custom, neither do we employ :::3!

 

second-class men to do our

 

J. E. PAINTON.,
G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

a
9

No. 51°°"CHURGCH ‘STREHNT.

@aterer and ©onfectioner,

Special Attention given to
Sodiety Banquets and
Suppers.

109 Chureh Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

THOS. « HY,
Pianos, Organs,

SHEET MUSIC,

No.

   
  
  

41 Church Sire

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N,
 

 

Rutgers Al ollene Areparatory School,

NEW BRUNSWIOK, N. Je
Founpen 1766,

Next Quarter Begins February 4th, 1891.
KE, H. 000K, A. M., Ph.D., Head Mastor.

IWSTRYUCTORS.

; 4890-'94.
E. H. COOK, A, M,, Pu. D,, WALTER R, NEWTON, A. B.,
Latin Master.

Head Master,
OLARA P. NEWTON, A, B.,

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. H. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B.,
Greek Master. Hinglish Master, French and Mathomatioa

MISS ESTHER A, ANDREWS,

Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments,
MISS ELOISE A, TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,

MISS SUSAN CO. MORRIS,
Inatructora in Primary and Intermediate Departmenta.
While the caroful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schoola will bo {ty chief aim; attention will also be paid to studenta doviring to pre

 

pare for business.
+ of pupils at tho ‘ Home” is limited, and oach boy will receive Individual attention and care.

The numbe
ADMISSION.

recelved at any time and assigned to the classda in which they can most succossfull
that pupils ontor promptly at tho bogivning of the Sdn OF ee et, ont sar a

urged, however, both for the individual and tho claws,
promptly at the opening of school.
nim a cortificato of good moral character from tho last whoo! ho attended, or from tha pastor of the church ho has

00.
iach pupil will bring with

attended.
RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.
pila of the Pro-

The aim ‘of the school Is not only sound scholarship but the devalopmont of Chriwtian Ch
Students and Facultios of Rutgers Collen and tho San Chr t Prcelialcas Ba Aes Wein aeriek Chapel

aratory School worship with the
lat 1ac08 of worship is allowed at the requont of parent or guardian.

Attendance at other p
LIBRARY.
and to the great advantage of the achool thrown open to the pupils of the Proparatory School the

The colloge authorities have very kindly,

Library connected with Rutgers College, Libraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accousibla w the atudonta,
"THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS,

which the recitations ave held and tt

or, and thus insures every stadant SE ae teen Ng a aay

Pupils will be

ted with the School, one in

There are two buildings connec!
Master. ‘These are five to Ton minutes’ walk distant from each oth
‘Phe buildings sre in o thoroughly sanitary condition, Ample grounds avo provided for outdoor gamos,

DAY PUPILS.

in the citios and villages adjacont to Now Brunswick attond school daily and reslde at homo, ‘Traine arrive at all houra of

‘an bo obtwined from the railroad.

Many pupils residing
f tuition aro ne follows:

and special school rates 6

Firat Yoar Classical oud Holontifidrsrsrssrsere reese Blt Vor Quarter,

the doy
For day pupils, the torms o HP rs
ret and Second Pr KOAFY dh soe ceneen sesdneseney® i; Por Quartor. Bivsh Yea sesnesnssne nanan
Thivd, Bourth and With Yoars Classical and Selontile 18)" “

  
 

10 “ “
wm“ a

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.
furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, ote, are #00 par quarter, payable strictly in advance. Suites and

DEPARTMENTS,

od work of the whool, The number

 

Phird Primaryeresrseeeerree

Firat Intermediate rer sercee ses secvence
Second and ‘Third Intormedlator«cereree

The terme for Board,
ningle rooms, #100 per quarter
iG PRIMARY AND INTERM EKDIATH
7 ‘Tho work in this deparsmnan iy danlgned to propare boys of the zpuane) school age for the more adyane
of ig Iimited. Bpocial care Is taken in roxar? to the morale nnd tan Mingo of onoh boy:
ME” Yor Catalogue or further Information addrows Li. Hf, COOK, A. M, Ph.D. Head Master,

  
