 

VOL. XV.—No. +
JAN, 1904

 

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

Go TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER'S,

376 George Si.

Satisfaction. Low Prices,

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

2, FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, bos calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

9 Peace St New Brunswick.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,
NEW STOCK OF ones GOODS G SILKS Socpees, Marengsane Suge,

In all the Newest We.
ves and Colorings. i Linoleums and Oil Cloths,

LADIES’, MISSES ;
SUITS AND Hevers ‘ CHL DREN'S, ond Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 2 HURCH STREET.

 

 

Theo only a dvertisements we accept eae ha nest flrms.
 

THE ARGO. Il

T. C. HAGEMAN,
FINE CLOTHIER AND FURNISHER

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

STEWABT'S HABERDASHERY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
CHURCH STREET. NO. 29.

 

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

880 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.
FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR

A TEN CENT SHINE FOR FIVE CTS.
Polish, Shoe Laces and Fine Cigars.

ALL SHINES 5 CENTS.

Dominic Cupoli & Company,
405 GEORGE STREET.

LYONS & PARKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc.

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

ILS. VAN DERVEER
Photographer

Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
355 George St., New Brunswick.

L. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,

 

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

4i7 George St.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
THE ARGO.

 

RANDOL

Studio: George St.,
SPECIAL

We have special school
This is a SPECIAL 1

RATES TO
and colleze mounts and special backgrounds,
invitation to you to call at Studio.

DH FOTO-GRAPHER

opp. Soldiers’ Monument

STUDENT &.

 

B.U.TAPKEN,

JEWELER.

All Kinds of Society Emblems
Made to Order.

Telephone 46.

EVERYTHING THE BEST.

PH. SUYDAM,

GROCER,
MONUMENT SQUARE.

 

FINE CONFECTIONERY and ICE CREAM

atF. BRUNS
71 CHURCH STREET

Graham & McCormick,

Caterers and Confectioners
FANCY CAKE BAKERS
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

10g, 111, 113 Church St.

 

The New York Confectionery.
P.. Ay CONSTANTINIDUS & CO.

101 CHURCH ST.,

New Brunswick, N. J,

When patroniz

NEAR GEORGE sr,

ing th r rtised i
9 We stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts,

A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

-SHOES.-

AT LOWKFST PRICES,

WILLIAM J, SENGS,

Rutgers Prep. School

hoe Stores.

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

Repairing Neatly Done.

Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

ee
 

 

 

 

THE

New Brunswick,

ARGO.

 

 

 

N. J., JAN., 1904. No. 4

 

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

BOARD OF EDITORS:
THOMAS DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE,
Editor-in-Chief,

 

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana,

FRANCIS M. POTTER
DUMONT F, ELMENDORB, {ews
CLARKSON S'TELLE,

8. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.

BENJAMIN M, MILLER,
SAMUEL C, WARNER,” | Business Managers,

 

 

 

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

Ail communications shou:d be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R.C. P.8., New Brunswick, 8. J., and must be
accumpauied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of ‘he paper only.
Officers of tne school, students, and alumni are most

cordially invited to contribute.

INDOOR PRACTICE.

Now that we have again settled down to our
studies, let us remember that while studies
must and should come first, nevertheless there
is another side to our school life beside study.
‘To most of us athletics are a very important
part.

Next spring the School will again be rep-
resented on the baseball field and track. But
if these teams are to be successful, work must
be commenced now. There is no doubt that
the gymnasium, to which the school has ac-
cess, is one of the best in the country and there
can be no excuse put forth for not using this

privilege. To state the truth, prospects for a
successful baseball season are not very bright,
and therefore it is necessary—extremely so—
that every one, who can, enter the gymnasium
at once and get in shape for the games that will
come later on. While the outlook for a suc-
cessful track team is bright, yet no one is sure
of his position, and as large a number as possi-
ble should report every day at the gymnasium
and prepare either for the baseball or track
team and so make the spring of 1904 a most
successful athletic season. Let every one do
his best; and, should victory not rest on our
banners, at least we shall have the satisfaction
which comes from doing our duty.

ALUMNIANA.

(All authentic notes pertaining to the Alum-
ni will be gratefully received by the editor.)

Rey. Dr. Everitt T. Tomlinson, Head-Mas-
ter of Rutgers Preparatory School from 1883
to 1888, lectured under the auspices of the Jer-
sey Blue Chapter, Daughters of the American
Revolution, on Thursday evening, December
seventeenth, in Kirkpatrick Chapel. Dr. Tom-
linson’s subject was “Heroes and Heroines of
the Revolution.” Our former Head Master
said that there was many a brave man who
was as true and daring as “Paul Revere,” but
did not have a Longfellow to perpetuate and
immortalize his name. Dr. Tomlinson held the
closest attention of his audience, which num-
bered nearly two hundred, and the following
night the Home News stated that “a more de-
lightful lecturer has seldom graced a New
Brunswick platform.”

Ernest H. Rapalje, ‘96, is manager of an
extensive fertilizing manufactory at Cronly,

 
THE ARGO,

33
anticipating the
The Trap, shipped a barrel
ys to Dr. Payson. But the
idered that the greens
at The Trap,
for the

‘ s calte
North Carolina. Mr. Rapalje,

annual banquet at

of holly and gree!
authorities cons
rona train than

lid not arrive in time

railroad
would look bette
and so the barrel ¢
affair at The Trap.
Jonathan F, Scott, ’9
jstructors at the

8, is one of the most

popular it Browning School,

New York City.

Howard Voorhees, ‘9
College of Physicians an¢
York City.

Sanger Carleton, ‘00, W
day, December nineteenth.

Clifford I. Voorhees, exor, sings on the
Princeton University Glee Club and accom-
panied that organization on its recent western

8, is studying at the
| Surgeons, New

as in town on Satur-

trip.

Ralph P. Badeau, ex-'o4, now lives in Eliza-
beth, N. J., and is attending the Batin High
School. His address is 416 Linden avenue.

Rodney A. Ford, ex-’05, has a responsible
position with the Binghamton Trust Company,
Binghamton, N. Y.

Frank Joslyn, ex-'06, has been attending the
Bordentown Military Academy since Septem-
ber. He has again entered R. P. S.

The following is a partial list of the Alumni
seen in town during Christmas week: Willard
Conger, ’92; F. L. Janeway, 96; Robert W.
Pettit, 96; Fred. W. Conger, ’98; Howard Cc.
Voorhees, ’98; Jonathan F. Scott, ‘98; S. B.
Woodbridge, ’99; Miss Claire Halstead, ’00;
Miss Jennie Voorhees, ’00; Miss Marion Voor-
hees, '00; Lucius P. Janeway, ’99; George P.
Kuehnle, ’or; C. I. Voorhees, ex-’ot; Harold
E. Green, ’02; J. Harvey Murphy, ’02; Miss
Millicent Sillcocks, ’03; Miss Sarah R. Scott,
‘03; Paul E. McChesney, ’03; Schuyler H.
Rust, ex-’04.

THE TRAP BANQUET.

The annual banquet given by Dr. and Mrs.
Payson to the boys at The Trap, was held on
Monday evening, December twenty-first, at

The Trap. The diners sat down to the
teous repast at a few minutes after

o'clock, and did good justice to the good |
which always “tease” a healthy person's
tite. ‘The souvenirs of the evening

boun.
Seven
hings
Ppe-
: Were li
colored lanterns, while the dinner cards ttle
* Dear.

ing a little verse sutiable to the diner’s ti
were in the shape of a Christmas tree,
Beside the Faculty and boys residing at Th
Trap there were also present Mrs, Payson De
and Mrs. Searle, Miss Payson, Miss M, Emil,
Biles, Miss Ella Marsden, Miss Margery 7
Shankel, Miss Mary Gregg, Mr. George e
Nuttman and T, D. Woodbridge, ’o4, ‘
Dr. Payson made a few remarks appropriate

to the occasion, and called for the following
toasts :
“Football,”

Mr. Samuel R. Taverner, ’o4.
“The Trap,”

Mr. Charles FE. Corbin, ’o5.
“Early Rising,”

Mr. A. A. Garthwaite, ’06.
“Maryland,”

Mr. Beall, ’o4.
“Baseball,”

Mr. Willard Case, ’06.
“Philadelphia,”

Mr. Vrooman, ’05.
“Our New Profs.,”

Mr. C..C. Howard, ’o7.
“Santa Claus,”

Mr. A, P. Mills.
“Classical Course,”

Mr. Ripley Watson, ‘04.
“New Jersey,”

Mr. E. W. Labaw, ’o04.
“Rutgers,”

Mr. Frank T. Corbin, Jr., ’o4.
“Scientific Course,”

Mr. Stacey H. Opdyke, ’04.
“New York,”

Mr. Samuel C. Warner, ’04.
“The Annex,”

Mr. J. A. Ferguson.
“The New Library,”

Mr. Westervelt, ’05.

Oast,

 
 

THE

“The Prep. School,”

Mr. Hansen, ’o6.
“Tennis,”

Mr. Gilbert Hall, ’o4,
“Basketball,”

Mr. G. Packard, ’o6.
“Fourth Form,”

Mr. Benjamin M, Miller, 04.
“The Argo,”

Mr. Dudley Woodbridge, ’o4.
“New Brunswick,”

Mr. A. W. Scott, ’99.
“Cadets,”

Mr. H. S. Lang, Jr., ’o4.
“The Old Boys,”

Mr. M. D. Verdi, ’03.
“The Old Year and the New,”

Mr. E. H. Riedel.

Dr. Searle, of the local Theological Sem-
inary, brought the speechmaking to a close by
a few words on the true meaning of the Christ-
mas season.

THE FOOTBALL TEAM OF 10904.

Prospects for a good football team next fall
are bright, though the school will lose Fisher,
Watson, ‘Taverner, F. Corbin, Miller, Verdi,
Lang, Hall and Woodbridge. Those who will
probably return are: Allen, ’05 ; C. Corbin, ’o5;
C. Nicholas, ’06; A. A. Garthwaite, ’06; Case,
’o6, and S. Nicholas, ’06. Of those who re-
turn all have won the R. P. in football except
S. Nicholas, ’05. There are also several good
players on the scrub who may fill the vacant
positions. The team will, in all probability,
be much lighter than the team of 1903.

At a meeting of the football team on Thurs-
day morning, December seventeenth, Charles
Eli Corbin, ’05, of Oxford, N. Y., was elected
captain of the football team for 1904, defeat-
ing Cary Nicholas, ’06, by the small margin of
one vote, the result being 6-5.

CONFIDENCE MISPLACED.
A Detective Story, More or Less True.
Thomas Kean was the wealthiest man in the

ARGO,

34

vicinity of Hornsburg, and, as such, was great-
ly looked up to by the people of that country
place. He owned a large farm about two miles
outside the village, where he raised many cat-
tle. For years he had been Justice of the
Peace and had held other town offices to his
credit. Mr. Kean was a good man, and gen-
erous; and, withal, conducted his own affairs
and the town’s with such wisdom and discre-
tion and diligence that no one could be more
respected than he.

For years he had been prosperous, and
everything he touched seemed to succeed. But
of late he had met with many reverses. His
two handsomest horses were stolen within a
week of each other, so artfully that he never
got any trace of either of them. Some of his
finest cattle sickened and died in such a way
that even the village veterinary surgeon could
not understand the cause. For a couple of
years most of his crops had been very poor,
with no explanation for it save that one morn-
ing large, deep footprints were found all over
one of his bog cornfields.

So things went on. Every little while some
theft or other misfortune would occur to him.
Mr. Kaan realized that it must be that he had
an enemy, who, for some reason or other, pur-
sued him with relentless hatred. Yet he knew
of no one who could be his enemy, for he was
on friendly terms with all the people in the
village. As a public officer Mr. Kean had
always done his duty with wisdom and clem-
ency. He was utterly at a loss.

Finally, on the night of September tenth,
came the crowning misfortune: his two large
barns were burned to the ground by incendi-
aries. Then, as he saw the red flames sweep-
ing away his possessions and lighting up the
heavens with their lurid glow, he resolved in
his heart to discover his enemy and bring upon
him the full vengeance of the law.

Now, about this time there appeared in the
town of Hornsburg a well-dressed stranger,
who gave himself out to be Mr. Cadett, a com-
mercial traveler from Boston. Mr. Cadett was
a man of swarthy complexion, with dark eyes
38 THE ARGO.

and coal-black hair and moustache. He always
wore a beaver hat and a Prince Albert coat,
and carried about with him an air of dignity
and mystery. He spent his money freely and
was very affable, so that he quickly made many
friends in the town. Mr. Cadett said that he
was on a month’s vacation, and had come out
to Hornsburg in order that he might obtain a
guide there and set out thence eon a hunting
trip through the Selville Mountains. It was
his intention to start a couple of days betore,
go about fifteen miles into the heart of the
mountains and set up his camp by the far-
famed Lake Waktcheeba, so as to be ready
when the September hunting season should
commence. He stayed in Hornsburg about a
week, preparing for his trip, and, incidentally,
studying all the people he met. While in the
village he put up at the “Palace Hotel,” as a
small two-story shanty on the upper end of
Main street was called.

As we have seen, Mr. Cadett was not long
in working his way into the confidence of the
simple villagers. Even in his short stay he
knew the name of almost every person in the
village, from Jimmy Downswallow, the vil-
lage’s pet drunkard, to even the high and
mighty constable. Of course, it was known
all around that Mr. Cadett wanted a guide or
guides for his hunting trip, and almost as many
different names were proposed to him for selec-
tion as there were men in the town.

Finally one day Mr. Cadett said to the pro-
prietor of the “Palace Hotel”—a corpulent
jrishman, who waddled about on two exceed-
ingly short and unsteady legs, was always in
his shirt sleeves and wore huge diamonds of a
rather uncertain quality—“How would the two
Black boys do to go with me?” “Sure, an’ ye
couldn’t git two foiner shots if ye were to sarch
the hull county,” was the reply that came float-
ing out amid clouds of blue from the worthy
man’s pipe. This settled the matter; for, al-
though Charles and Isaiah Black, better known
as “Pepper Charlie” and “Black Ise,” did not
have a very good reputation as to morals, they
were the best shots for miles around, and

 

knew the country back in the mountains as
well as the moose that inhabited it.

So it was arranged, and Mr. Cadett and the
two Black boys set out on the trip into the
mountains with their belongings. After a
day’s journey they set up their camp on the
shores of the beautiful Lake Waktcheeba.

It does not belong to this story to describe
the exciting hunting adventures which came
to pass in the next two weeks, nor the inci-
dents of their camp life in the heart of a Maine
wilderness; but we shall turn our attention to
a conversation which happened one night after
the day’s hunting.

It was about half-past seven in the evening.
The moon, rising over the dark pines on the
edge of the water, cast a soft glow of mellow
light over the forest. The calm lake was di-
vided into two parts by a gleaming stream of
golden glory that stretched across it to the
campers’ feet as they sat and watched by the
shore. To the right and to the left, the water
was darker and very still. Over op the other
side the tops of the black trees made an irregu-
lar outline against the light sky. A few stars
were shining overhead, incomparable to the
majestic moon as it grandly glided through
the cloudless heavens. And there were no
sounds save the gentle noises of the wilder-
ness,

The huntsmen sat in silence for a long time.
The country boys, not. at all affected by the
beauty of the scene, were doubtless planning
in their minds for the next day’s hunting. Mr,
Cadett seemed lost in thought.
ing his head and drawing a litt
young men, he spoke:

“Well, boys, we've been with each other
here for two weeks and I've gotten to like you.
So I made up my mind to-night to tell you
about myself. But first, I want both of you to
promise solemnly that you will never repeat a
word of what I shall say.” The brothers
Promised. Then the mysterious stranger went
on, “You have come out here with me, think-
ing that I am Mr. Cadett, a commercial trav-
eler from Boston. Believe it no longer.

Finally, rais-
le nearer the

Iam
THE ARGO, 36

none other than Captain Kidd, great-grandson
of the famous Captain Kidd, the pirate.” As
he spoke the stranger stood up tall and
straight, in the moonlight, a smile seeming to
flit across his dark face. Then he continued,
speaking rapidly and enticingly: “I, too, am a
pirate, master of the good ship ‘Forlorn Hope,’
now in Portland Harbor. My plan is to go
into waters far away from this country, and
if I fall in with a heavy laden merchant vessel,
{ make short work of it. But if I meet a sus-
picious looking boat—a revenue cutter or a
man-o’-war—behold, a peaceful tramp steamer
bound for Havana or some other convenient
port.”

‘The captain chuckled. All this talk the two
country boys were swallowing whole. ‘Then,
casting away the dignity which before now
had clothed him like a garment, he talked on
earnestly with many gesticulations.

“So for five years I have escaped being
caught, and, I tell you, we’ve been in some
tight holes, too. But a few months ago my
two mates deserted and ran off with some of
my hard-earned gains. And then, to top off
their trickery treachery what did the scoun-
drels do but go and report all my doings to the
government officers. So now, for reasons of
iy own, I’ve decided to travel for a couple of
months and live for a time on my littlé store
that I have put away somewhere.

“I got ahead of those rogues, my mates,
though, for as soon as they skipped I knew
they would report me, so I promptly sold my
vessel to an unsuspecting trading company.
Now, I s’pose they’re looking for me. Well,
let ’em look. I'll lie low for a little while
longer and then set out on my old trade in a
vessel which some of my spies have got hold
of. Just now I’m on the lookout for a couple
of likely young fellows to take the place of my
mates. A mate on my craft don’t have to know
much about seagoing affairs—I ’tend to that
myself—but he’s got to know how to do cer-
tain little jobs up neat. For instance, he’s not
only got to be able to shoot straight, but how
to keep a man talking and rob his box of papers

at the same time, and how to sink a ship, after
it has been plundered, without losing an hour
or so in doing it, and all such things as that.
I've had an eye on you boys for these places.
I know you're good shots and strong and
hardy; but I don’t know as you've ever done
anything of the kind to show your mettle.”

As the captain said this he seemed to wait
for the young men to reply. A curious smile
was on his face, and we can fancy that as he
was speaking he was mightily pleased to see
the country boys paying such rapt attention.
So he awaited a reply. Soon it came, from the
elder of the two.

“Wal, sir, I reckon we might as good as not
tell ye a thing or two we’ve done, an’ I guess
ye’ll jedge we'll do. I don’t know ’bout Siah
here, but I’ll go with yer. I guess pa ’d be as
glad to git rid of us as not. But what'll ye give
us if we go?”

The captain named a sum which seemed to
the boys very large and said they would have
a certain share of the booty captured. But then
he wasnt sure they’d suit him, for he didn’t
know as they had done anything that showed
grit.

Then did Charles and Isaiah Black relate to
the pirate captain the following facts. First,
that Justice of the Peace Thomas Kean had for
some offence, “which didn’t amount to much,”
sentenced their father to three months’ impris-
onment in the county jail. Second, that the
same Mr. Kean had several times put the boys
off his place when they had seen “squirls” in
his woods and incidentally—stealing chickens.
Wherefore these young men had taken it upon
them to avenge their father and themselves, by
abducting Mr. Kean’s two finest horses and
selling them at a county fair some twenty miles
distant, and by poisoning his cattle. Moreover,
they confessed that they hac for two years been
pillaging Mr. Kean’s crops and stealing trifles
around his farm. And finally these youthful
criminals owned up to having set fire to Mr.
Kean’s barns for no other reasons than pure
revenge and a love of excitement. All these
things, they said, they had done without any

 

 
 

37

suspicions coming upon themselves. And they
were proud of their record.

When they had finished there seemed no
doubt in Captain Kidd’s mind as to their abil-
ity. So it was arranged that all three should
go down to Portland direct from the forest
without passing through Hornsburg and that
thence they should set out on their piratical
career,

Then they went in the tent and lay down
to sleep, while the moon sailed overhead and
sunk behind the trees in the West.

In a couple of days they left their camp by
the beautiful lake, and journeyed on through
the country to Portland, dressed in disguises
which the captain produced.

When they arrived, the captain led the won-
dering country boys through the rows of tall
buildings to the—police station! There he
handed them over to the tender mercies of the
law, reciting their self-confessed crimes to the
officer at the desk. There we shall leave the
boys.

Then John Brown, private detective; alias
Mr. Cadett, commercial traveler; alias Captain
Kidd, pirate, walked calmly into an inner room
where sat a number of other detectives telling
stories, set down his tall beaver hat, laid his
long coat on a chair, put his false moustache
and wig on the mantelpiece, and, stretching
himself on a sofa by the fire, smoked his cigar
and went to sleep.

THE TRAP.

In January, 1868, Prof. DeWitt T. B. Reiley
was elected “Rector” of Rutgers Prep., and,
as the School grew rapidly during the follow-
ing year (1869), Prof. Reiley decided to estab-
lish a boarding department, and, on his own
account, bought The Trap house and grounds,
at that time The Trap building consisted only
of the brick part of the present structure. In
the year of 1870 the frame part—where Dr,
Payson has his apartments—on the northeast
side, was constructed. But this space was not
sufficient, so an extension, was added on the

 

THE ARCO.

southeast side in 1871. In 1872 still another
addition was completed on the southeast side.
The year of ’73 saw another addition built to
the already large part on the southeast side,
No further additions have been built and the
house of 1904 is the same in size as it was in
1873.

The “Home,” as it should properly be called,
got the name of Trap because one of our for-
mer Mead Masters was accustomed to address
the student boarders as “Rats.” Prof. Reiley,
who established The Trap, was a very success-
ful teacher, and under his direction the School
increased greatly. Prof. Reiley was also a
very energetic and influential citizen. In 1878
he was elected Mayor of New Brunswick,
and at different times served as president of
the Board of Health, as Water Commissioner,
and as County Superintendent of Middlesex
County. In 1881 Prof. Reiley tendered his
resignation as Head Master and in ’83 it was
reluctantly accepted, and Prof. Reiley became
nited States Consul at Athens, having been
appointed by President Arthur.

WHERE PEACE IS.

The August day is drawing to a close. We
are in the little English village of Carwich and
are walking uphill along the shady lane to-
ward the old parish church of St. Matthew.
Now we pass the Vicarage, with its broad lawn
and elm-bounded driveway. Then come la-
borers’ cottages, thatch-roofed, white-walled,
with tiny, fiower-filled gardens in which play
flaxen-haired children. And here we are at
last by the churchyard stile. Let us rest here
for a moment.

There stands the church. Time has attacked
it, but has not been able to shift its firm foun-
dations or to shake its massive tower. It was
there—it is here—it will be there.

Through the half-open doorway steal gently
forth the low, sweet tones of the organ. Some
one—the Vicar’s daughter, perhaps—is in the
lonely building, dreaming away the Summer
hours in the pleasant land of music. Let us
 

 

 

—

THE ARGO, 38

ad carefully and not disturb her as we draw
tread C2 ?

near.

\nd now we have left the stile and are

ng the graves. Beneath our feet lie buried
bodies of Britons of days gone by. About
us monuments and tombstones—some
crumbling with age; others fresh from the
marble yard. And yet the place has not an air
of gloom. Melancholy is there, of course, but
where is not melancholy ? Is there any pure
vagsion that has not in its composition a little
touch of melancholy Or is there any pure pas-
sion that is not mingled in the composition of
melancholy ? The birds are twittering in their
s in the ivy that cloaks the church’s walls.
Around the bases of the tombstones bloom
among the grass bright colored flowers—cul-
tivated ones, planted by the loving hands of
relatives and friends; and wild ones, planted
by Hands more loving still. A gentle light
glows over the scene from the golden West.
Who can find gloom in such a place?

We will read some of the epitaphs. Many
an ancient monument is here, on which all
carving has been obliterated by time. Only
the more “modern’ ones—those of the last two
hundred years—can be deciphered.

A great number of the inscriptions are in
verse. Some lines are found repeated on sev-
eral tombstones; for the British peasant has
little time or inclination for verse-making, and
one rhymed epitaph must serve countless
graves. Read what is cut into yonder stone;
one may find the same words in nearly every
country churchyard from Land’s End to Scot-

amo!
the
are

t

nest

land.
“All you who come my grave to see,
As I am now, so you must be.
Remember that you also must
One day, like me, return to dust.
Amend your life while yet you may,
Before death summons you away.”
The lines on that crumbling stone close by
are also quite often seen in this use:
“Momentous thought, as time we spend,
Eternal joys, or woes, depend.
Vain mortal, think on this, before

Thy doom is fixed, and time no more.”

And over there is another popular epitaph:
“Farewell, vain world, I’ve had enough of thee,

And care not now what thou canst say of me.
Thy smiles I court not, nor thy frowns I fear.
My head lies easy. I am quiet here.

What faults you saw in me take care to shun.
Look but at home; enough is to be done.”

That small stone in the corner bears the date
of seventeen-thirty, but it is in better preserva-
tion than any we have yet observed. We draw
nearer to it, and bending down, read the sad
little epitaph:

“Young maids, prepare yoursevles to die.

For life is short, and death is nigh.
Repent in time ; make no delay.
I in my youth was called away.”

Over next to the hedge-row stands a quaint
old monument. It is oblong in shape, but time
has rounded its corners and broken its sides.
We will examine it.

Carven into the upper part is a rude repre-
sentation of a dripping pan. Beneath it is the
inscription, giving the name and age of him
whose body lies beneath. The date of his
death—seventeen fifty-three—is also given.
Then come these words:

“Here lies my corpse, who was the man

That lov’d a sop in dripping pan.

But now, believe me, I am dead.

Now here the pan stands at my head.
Still for sop to the last I cry’d,

But could not eat, and so I died.

My neighbors, they perhaps may laugh,
Now they do read my epitaph.”

Is it not exquisitely pathetic that these plain,
practical peasants, leading lives of homely
prose, should at last rest beneath verse? To
every man poetry comes in some form at some
time; to these people often not until they are
through with this world. And surely it is
touching that the graves of simple rustics, who
knew nothing of rhyme and rhythm, save what
they learned from the Church Hymnal and a
few popular songs, should be dignified by
rhymed epitaphs.

Hark! the beils in the lofty tower chime out
 

39 THE ARGO.

the still air. The time for Evening
Prayer is approaching, and already the vil-
lagers are loitering toawrd the church. Now
down the path comes the old Vicar, a vener-
able figure, in clerically cut clothing, with a
broad-brimmed, low-crowned, black hat. With
what respectful admiration do his parishioners
speak to him, and with what a kindly manner
does he return their salutations! How eager
they all are for the sound of his voice and the
sight of his face! The children leave their
parents to cluster around him. It is evident
that when his body shall return to dust, he will
have that Monument worth all others—a place
in the loving memory of them that survive him.
SHAUN.

into

The following are a few of the toasts given
at the “Trap Banquet” on December twenty-
first :

FOOTBALL.
Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen:

A few nights ago, as I was peaceably sleep-
ing, I had a dream. And I dreamt that I was
in heaven, and an angel came to me and asked
me where I came from, and I said from Rut-
gers Preparatory School. She then asked me
what I did there, and my first thought was
football. And she asked me to tell her about
the glorious, unconquerable team that she had
heard that they had there. I thus began my
tale to the accompaniment of most beautiful
and unearthly music, in which I felt sure now
then that I caught the sweet tone of Taverner
as he rushed it down the field.

Our Football Team

Was the best that Rutgers Prep. has ever seen.
In practising they were so dutiful

That everybody said how beautiful.

And when they played a game. Oh, my!

I tell you, then the dust did fly.

Although they met much fierce resistance,
They never failed to make their distance.
Vhen Miller went right through the tackle
He knocked the other team ram-shackle.

And when Cow Watson took the ball

He, like a whirlwind, went through them all.

MR. C. CORBIN.

Then Cary around the end did run,

To catch him those fellows had some fun.
Fisher, through centre, of course,

Always went with irrestible force.

Now let us talk of Fatty Case—

My! but didn’t he run a race.

And Lang so quickly passed the ball
That you wouldn’t hardly notice it at all.
Verdi kicked the goals so straight

That the ball went swift and sure as fate.
And Garthwaite played like all possessed,
He never failed to meet the test.

Football was Allen’s chief delight,

He always played with all his might.
‘There’s Taverner, so small and light,
In football he flies like a kite.

The manager of the team was Hall,

He gave witch hazel and gum at call.
Woodbridge, the runner of beautiful stride,
No one could ever keep at his side.

There is Corbin, with the red pate,

In football he strikes an awful gait.

And last of all, there’s little Nichol us,
He scrapped too much, the little cuss.

The angel listened with great attention, and
at the end of my description a great chorus
broke out with “Whoop ’er up for Rutgers
Prep. School.” At the end of this a bell rang
which didn’t sound as if it came from heaven.
I awoke to find, instead of bells of heaven, it
was another bell, which I do not often hear—
it was the breakfast bell.

THE PREP. SCHOOL. MR. HANSEN,

Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen:

The first great attraction to the stranger at
the Prep. School is the young men, and I might
say that which is already known, that the best
of these some from The Trap. They are a
beautiful collection of heroic athletes, mighty
and powerful in mind and body. It is a match-
less sight to see them in their daily life, ready
at any time for deeds of daring. Often has the
tale been told of how they saved from an un-
timely death their companion who had broken
through the ice and was sinking for the last
time—as he thought.
 

THE ARGO,

The Prep. School is a very old school. The
first date which we have of it is way back in
1700. You can tell it is old by looking at the
puilding.

zvery one who knows anything will surely
agree that it is the best school. Look at the
Kourth Form! ‘They wouldn’t come to this
school if it was not the best.

In every way it is so good, especially
the music. Of the hymn in the morning the
first verse is respectfully left as Mr. Fergu-
son’s solo, and the whole day seems brighter
aiter we hear that. Then Mr. Taverner be-
gins to shout on the second verse, and we class-
ical fellows forget our Greek lesson. Especial-
ly does this affect Mr. Garthwaite on examina-
tion day and he forgets all about his accents.
At this Mr. Mills becomes impatient because
of a poor lesson, when, in fact, it is not our
fault, for this singing is like a bellows—it
blows in one ear and goes hand-in-hand with
Greek out the other.

Much has been said of the glorious Fourth
Form, but the Second Form outshines it, and
then, what glory is before it. Why, in two
years it will be the glorious Fourth Form.

‘ About the professors, I cannot say a word—
they speak for themselves.

These are a few of the many attractions to a
stranger at the Prep. School. May the good,
old school live forever, and always be filled
with students as bright as those at present.

THE TRAP. MR. TAVERNER.
Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen:

The subject which is given to me is to us
one of the greatest importance,“The Trap.’ In
days of a former head master, when the boys
had in some ways especially aroused his anger,
he was in the habit of addressing them as
“You Rats,” so now the name “Trap” clings
to the place. Not only do we have rats here,
but by accident a couple of cows have strayed
in, and been caught; but we are not sorry to
find such a variety in The Trap, for on the
football team their beef was of the greatest use
at right and left guard.

40

We hope that Verdi, when he comes to enter
his dear Harvard, will find the girls of Cam-
bridge more to his liking than those of New
Brunswick.

There is F, Corbin, The Trap mail carrier,
who always delivers his mail to you within
two or three days after its arrival in New
Brunswick. |

We are sorry to see that “Westy” finds that
the studies of the Third Form require him to
burn so much of the midnight oil.

In noticeable contrast to “Westy” is cun-
ning, little Lang, whose heart would be broken
if we were not to mention him. With those
who know his previous record, there can be
little doubt who starts a rough-house along
“Broadway.”

It seems that with two bells in the building,
the fellows ought to be able to be up in time
for breakfast. This applies especially to Hall,
who keeps a Beall (bell) in his room.

We noticed that at the opening of the year
Dr. Ferguson had a worried expression, as if
the responsibility of breaking these new in-
structors into the ways of The Trap was almost
too much for his ability.

As time forbids speaking to every one who
is here, 1 now wish one and all a Merry Christ-
mas and a Happy New Year.

BASEBALL. MR. CASE.

Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen:

I am asked to respond to the toast, “Base-
ball.” I suppose that the reason is I can’t run
very fast and am caught between the bases.

Baseball is a splendid sport—none better.
It does not, perhaps, develop the mind, but it
develops the body, and without a healthy body
what is the mind worth? About six months
ago we finished an exceptionally successful sea-
son on the baseball diamond, winning the
games with North Plainfield and New Bruns-
wick High. I have entirely forgotten the
others, especially the one with Trenton, but our
interest to-night is in the players rather than
the games. The best opportunity we have to
see them is some afternoon, when they are
Iv THE ARGO.

practising before The Trap.

The brilliancy of Corbin’s hair compels us to
notice him first. We cannot but laugh as we
see how closely his hands, as he attempts to
catch the ball, resemble the claws of a crab, as
they wander aimlessly above his head. In the
outer field we notice a moving speck, and, upon
asking what is, we are told it is our little
Sammie. Bearing down upon us from third
base we see Watson, whose running is marked
by—well, you know how gracefully he runs.
With these few reminders of our spring sport
and the share The Trap took in it, I wish you
a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.

NEWS FROM MR. FULLER.

Among our exchanges for the past month
was a copy of the Chimes, from Lyndon Insti-
tute, Lyndon Center, Vermont. We were
greatly interested in reading therein an accounc
of the life of Mr. J. H. Fuller, who last year
taught Greek and English in Rutgers Prepar-
atory School. Mr. Fuller is uow teaching in
Lyndon Institute and is editor of the Lyndon-

ville Journal.

 

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these
firms.

W. H. Cooper, Shoes.......cceesees at Saba
Times Publishing Co ......

Harding & Mansfield, Shoes...
P. J. Young Dry Goods Co...

   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  

T. C. Hageman, Clothier.... Il
Stewart’s Haberdashery . my 8
W. R. Reed, Stationery .. - Il
O. O. Stillman, Jeweler....... aol.
I. S. Van Deveer, Photographer. iia
D. Cupoli & Co., Bootblack.... . lt
Ta: Volkert, Tailor .:c0:0:0cec0:0.0:00 .
Lyons & Parker, Clothiers . ae1E
Jacoh Weber, Tailor .. wel
Randolph Studio ....... sie LE
B. U. Tapken, Jeweler . IIL
P. HU. Suydam, Grocer .. «oil
F. Bruns, Confectioner . IIL
W.Je Seng, Shoes ssivecsesweces “HE
Graham & McCormick, Caterers. «TIL
New York Confectionery ....... «Ill
atutgers College ......ccccsceccece wok
Wiliams & Mettlar, Poultry News. Vv
Bissett; Drugs: vsiccissacsiewawcawewiee sav.
C. Tamm, Stationery ..... org
L. H. Leitheiser, Barber ... eV
Seiffert Bros., Stationery ... eo
Hughes, Laundry ........ av
W. J. McDede, Livery .. oa
Rutgers Preparatory School .........eeeeeeeee Vi

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.

Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum. affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior und Senior _years_in Latin, Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy, Physics,
Chemistry and Biology.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

isthe New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agricul-
ture and the Mechanic Arts.
There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree
in science.
. A Course in Agriculture.
- A Course in Civil Engineering and M: chanics,
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.

THE PLAN OF
COLLEGE EXTENSION.

has been enlarged. Additional courses of lecturesin various
branches of science and literature are offered and will be
given throughout New Jersey, at such centres as may
arrange with the Secretary of the Extension Department,
Prot ouls Bevier, Jr. Ph D.
‘or catalogues and other information, add: IRVIN
8. UPSON, Registrar, ness Ne
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

ere

 

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.
THE ARGO, Vv

POULTRY NEws Delicious Milk Shakes

ENTS
os o Vaos AND ICE CREAM

 

Misa up-to-date, original. Has special .-AT....
departments for pigeons and bees, ening wy
WILLIAMS & METLAR Agency for Huyler’s Candies,
J
P. 0. Box 18 General Chemist.
New Brunswick, New Jersey Cor. George and Washington Street
oe for Students. LOUIS LEITHEISER,
Good for their Brains and Muscle. ,
’ Barber and Hair Dresser
At TAMW’S,
Books Stationery and Sporting Goods me Albany St,
62 DENNIS STREET New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

GO TO.... HUGHES LAUNDRY,
SEIFEFERT BRos. - 80 GHURGH ST.

For Stationery, Books, Photo and

 

Sporting Goods. Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students,
50 Dennis STREET. R. W, HUGHES. Proprietor.
RUTCERS STABLES, 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.
SEA,

    

 

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
FOUNDED 1766.

Sooo 8 tes ts 8
ee

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.

. MISS SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL, |
MISS MARY GREGG, Instructors

For particulars address

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.
 

 

Supplement to THE ARGO
January, 1904
