VOL. XV.—No. 5
FEB. 1904

oy

a / «
* /
* lg
¢ Zz
e ‘f
e S
t ¥

 

Qe
gt P:

 

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
I THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER’S,

376 George St.

 

Satisfaction. Low Prices.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

2 FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf. box calf
and vici kid.

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 PEacE St. New Brunswick.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPAN Re
new stoc« or DRESS GOODS & SILKS Carpets, Mattings and Rugs.

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings.

 

Linoleums and Oil Cloths.

SUITS AND JACKETS, APERS, pusspsr ana Sider cxaresecaais

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 27cHURCH srReET.

 

 

 

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
THE ARGO.

T. C. HAGEMAN,
FINE CLOTHIER AND FURNISHER

STUWART'S HABURDASHERY,

Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
CHURCH STREET. NO. 29.

RUTGERS PREP. S

CHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES

OF EVERY

DESCRIPIION.

380 GEORGE STREET,

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.
FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR

ATEN CENT SHINE FOR FIVE CTS.
Polish, Shoe Laces and Fine Cigars.

ALL SHINES 5 CENTS.
Dominic Cupoli & Company,

405 GEORGE STREET.

LYONS & PARKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc

CLOTHIERS aND FURNISHESS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

Rutgers Prep. Scho

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

I. S.. VAN DERVEER
Photographer

Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
355 George St., New Brunswick.
L. VOLKERT,

Merchant Tailor,

3859 GEURGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

417 George St.

ol students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.
THE ARGO.

AK DOL PH, EQt@eRAbHer

Studio: George St., opp. Soldiers’ Monument
SPECIAL RATES TO STUDENTS.

We have special school and college mounts and special backgrounds,
This is a SPECIAL invitation to you to call at Studio.

B.U.TAPKEN,

JEWELER.

ileal oie. Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

Made to Order.

 

 

 

Telephone 46. A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF..........
EVERYTHING THE BEST. Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s
H.SUYDAM. . SHOES -

GROCER,

MONUMENT SQUARE. AT LOWFST PRICES,

FINE CONFECTIONERY and ICE CREAM —

at F. BRUNS WILLIAM J. SENGS,

71 CAURCH STREET
Graham & McCormick, Rutgers Prep. School

Caterers and Confectioners Shoe Stores.
FANCY CAKE BAKERS
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

 

 

tog, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

w York Confecti : iri
The New Yo ectionery Repairing Neatly Done.

Pp. A. CONSTANTINIDUS & CO.

101 CHURCH ST., NEAR GEORGE ST. Remember the two stores,

New Brunswick, N. J. 48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
 

TD ede

 

VoL. XV.

 

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS ‘PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

agp
BOARD OF EDITORS:
THOMAS DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE,

Editor-in-Chief.

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana.
FRANCIS M. POTTER 7S
DUMONT F. ELMENDORE, {xews.
CLARKSON STELLE, we}

S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
BENJAMIN M, MILLER, !

BEUEL G. WARNER, Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price. per year, 75 cents

‘All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R.C. P.S.. New Brunswick, N. J. and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of tne school, studen
cordially invited to contribute.

ts, and alumni are most

 

JOIN THE A. A.

No worthier cause presents itself for the

hearty support of every member of the School

than the Athletic Association. Now is the time
chedules can-

to join. The baseball and track s
not be run on air alone—“cold cash” must be
forthcoming, and the students are the ones
from whom a large part of the financial sup-
port must necessarily come. Four games will
probably be played in town, All Association
members are given passes to the field, and it is
the duty of each one to come to every home
Zain >and cheer. Sixty-eight joined the Asso-
ng at least ninety

game

ciation last fall and this spri

New Brunswick, N. J., FEeB., 1904.

 

 

should do the same in order that the finances
of the A. A. may beon a firm basis and that
our athletes may feel that they have the loyal
support of the whole school.
i
AN EXCELLENT EXAMPLE.

In another column of this issue will be found
an account of the Sixth Annual Lane Prize
Speaking Contest. The prizes for this contest
are given by a very loyal alumnus, Mr. Frank
B. Lane, ’94. When in the School Mr. Lane
took a prominent part in the amateur plays
given by the students, and was also a very fine
orator. Five years after graduation Mr. Lane
instituted this annual prize of twenty-five dol-
lars. All Rutgers Prep. School students -are
greatly indebted to Mr. Lane, and his generous
act forms an excellent example for the alumni
to follow.

 

Alumiriana,

Dr. Henry H. Janeway, ’89, was the first lec-
turer in the local Y. M. C. A.’s course on “First
Aid to the Injured.”

J. H. Thayer Martin, ’92, recently intro-
duced a bill into the New Jersey Legislature
permitting small towns to own lighting plants.

Alexander Fordyce, ’92, made his maiden
speech “before the Legislature at Trenton a
short time ago. His speech received widespread
commendation.

Willard Clark, ‘94, is superintendent of a
rubber company at Newark, N. J.

The engagement of Frederick Neilson, ’95,
to Miss Bessie Runyon, has been announced.

3oth Mr. Neilson and Miss Runyon are resi-

dents of this city.

 
42

William N. Jennings, ’95, now resides at
26 Woodruff avenue, Flatbush.

Miss Elizabeth Corbin, ’96, formerly a teach-
er in Rutgers Prep., has been visiting in town.
Miss Corbin attended the Lane Prize Speak-
ing Contest on February the twelfth.

Frederick Hart, ’97, Rutgers College, ’o!,
was in town recently.

Miss Pauline Long, ’98, has been teaching at
the Misses Anable’s school.

Theodore Ryerson, ex-’99, was in town re-
cently. Mr. Ryerson is now in Baltimore on
business.

Martin L. Schenck, ’oo, was one of the Rut-
gers College debaters in the recent debate with
Union College. Mr. Schenck was also one
of the speakers at the Rutgers Senior Class
banquet.

James Gilbert Mason, ‘ot, was an usher at
the Casque and Dagger play in Y. M. C. A.
Hall on lebruary the eleventh.

Arthur V. Schenck, ’o1, was toastmaster at
the Rutgers Junior Class banquet. Mr.
Schenck also took part in the Casque and Dag-
ger play on February the eleventh.

Charles Wilber, ’or, is again a member of
the Rutgers College “gym” team for the com-
ing season.

T. Alan Devan, ’02, will represent Rutgers
College on the horizontal bar and also on the
flying rings.

Harold E. Green, ’02, is a member of the
Rutgers College “‘gym” team this year.

Harry Fay Bardwell, ex-’o2, has a position
with the New York and Pennsylvania Paper
Co., Times Building, New York City.

F. Granger Lang, ’03, was one of the speak-
ers at the Freshmen banquet at Rutgers Col-
lege.

Theodore R. Varick, ’03, was also a speak-
er at the Freshmen banquet at Rutgers Col-
lege.

John Runkle Hough, ex-’03, is spending the
winter on the Pacific coast.

Clement Moffat Cooder, ex-’03, is a Fresh-
man at Princeton University.

THE ARGO.

Miss Grace S. Lewis, ex-'05, is epending the
winter in Italy in company with her father.

Roy Nicholas, a former student in Rutgers
Prep. School, recently enjoyed a gunning trip
down south.

The following alumni were seen at the Lane
Prize Speaking Contest: Miss Corbin, ’96;
N. Wilber, ‘or; Mason, ’or; Murray, ’o2;
Green, 02; Benedict, ’02; Murphy, ’o2; Devan,
'02; Varrick, ’03; Lang, '03; Kullmar, ’03;
Miss Price, 03; Mr. Nuttman, and Mr. Burr.

 

LANE PRIZE SPEAKING CONTEST.

The sixth annual Lane Prize Speaking Con-
test was held in the auditorium of the School
on Friday evening, February the twelfth. As
usual, there was a large attendance of friends
of the contestants and of the School. Dr. Pay-
son presided and at a few minutes past eight
o’clock announced the first speaker. The
speaking continued for nearly an hour, when
Dr. Payson requested the judges, Profs. Bab-
bit and George, of Rutgers College, and Dr.
Joslin, of the local High School, to retire, and
in about ten minutes Prof. Babbit announced
that the first prize had been awarded to Mr.
Albert Alexander Garthwaite, of Jersey City,
N. J., and second prize to Mr. Samuel Arthur
Devan, of this city. Honorable mention was
made of Mr. James Bancroft Scott, of this city,

The names of the contestants and their
declamations were as follows:

1. Samuel Arthur Devan,

“Supposed Speech of Adams on the
Declaration of Independence,” Daniel
Webster.

2. Theoodre Romeyn Westervelt,

“Toussaint L’Ouverture,” Wendell Phil-
lips.

3. Frank Taintor Corbin,

“Disobedience to Law.”

4. Albert Alexander Garthwaite,

“Selection from David Copperfield—The
Flight of Emily,” Charles Dickens.

5. James Bancroft Scott,
“Eulogy on Charles Sumner,” George
THE ARGO. 43

W. Curtis,
6. Francis Marmaduke Potter,
“Our Flag,” A. L. Stone,
7. Alfred Joyce Kilmer,
“A Scene on the Battlefield,” Henry W.
Grady.
8 Horation Seymour Lang, Jr.,
“Regulas to the Carthaginians,” E, Kel-
logg.

The prizes—fifteen and ten dollars—are given
by a Rutgers Prep. graduate, Frank Bennet
Lane, 94. Many alumni would do well if they
should follow Mr. Lane’s fine example of prac-
tical school spirit.

 

SENIOR CLASS OFFICERS.

At a meeting of the Class of 1904, on Janu-
ary eighth, the following officers were elected:

President—Mr. A. Joyce Kilmer, of New
Brunswick, N. J.

Vice-President, Mr. Douglas J. Fisher, of
Sayreville, N. J.

The meeting then adjourned until January
the eleventh, when Mr. S. Arthur Devan, of
New Brunswick, was unanimously elected Sec-
retary-Treasurer.

 

THE ANNUAL.

At a recent meeting of the Senior Class it
was decided to publish an annual, provided the
expenses of publishing such a book could be
covered by the receipts from advertisements.
Mr. S. A. Devan was elected Managing Ed-
itor, but later resigned, and Mr. H. S. Lang
was then elected to succeed Mr. Devan. Messrs.
S. H. Opdyke, E. W. Labaw and S. R. Tay-
erner were elected Business Managers. The
publication of such a book would reflect credit
not only on the class, but also on the School,
and it is the duty of each member of the School
to help the editors and managers in every pos-
sible way.

THE MARCH EXAMINATIONS.

The annual March examinations of the en-

tire school will be held on Monday, March the
seventh, and on Tuesday, March the eighth.
Sixty per cent. will be required to pass. The
schedule of the examinations, which may be
subject to some slight changes as the faculty
may consider necessary, will be as follows:
Monday, March Seventh—

8.30 A. M.—First Period.

11.00 A. M.—Second Period.

2.30 P. M.—Sixth Period.
Tuesday, March Eighth—

8.30 A. M.—Third Period.

11.00 A. M.—Fourth Period.

2.30 P. M.—Fifth Period.

 

JAPAN AND RUSSIA.

One of the most important features of inter-
national politics at the present time is the trou-
ble between Japan and Russia concerning Man-
churia and Korea, but principally, and more
directly, concerning Korea. What is the cause
of the trouble ?

For many years, just how many none but
the leaders of the nation know, Russia has
been pursuing a settled and determined policy
in her relations with foreign countries. Al-
though this policy is a selfish one, it is a
natural one for her to follow. In order to un-
derstand how, in the first place, it is selfish, and
how, in the second place, it is natural, we must
know something about the situation, size,
natural resources, and people of this mighty
empire.

Russia is, after the British Empire, the most
extensive empire in the world, comprising over
eight and a half million square miles of terri-
tory, with a population of over one hundred
and thirty million, or about fifteen inhabitants
to each square mile of territory on the average.

Some people have the idea that Russia is a
cold, disagreeable, unproductive region. All
this is true of parts of the country; it also is
true, but in a less degree, of other parts. The
situation of Russia is by no means conducive
to a pleasant climate and good agricultural
land. On the north Russia fronts the Arctic

rs
44

Ocean, from Sweden to the northeastern ex-
tremity of Asia; her southern limit forms an
irregular line from the northwest corner of
the Black Sea to the Sea of Japan, skirting
Turkey, Persia, Afghanistan, East Turkestan,
and the Chinese Empire; Behring Sea, Sea
of Okhtosk, and the Sea of Japan wash her
eastern shores; Sweden, the Baltic, Germany,
and Austria lie continguous to her on her
western boundary. Thus Russia forms a solid,
compact mass, thinly peopled, embracing one-
sixth of the land-surface of the globe, includ-
ing one-half of Europe and all Northern and
a part of Central Asia. Besides the dominant
Russians, the population is composed of some
forty different-speaking races.

The climate, as we have stated, is not a very
desirable one, especially in Asiatic Russia ; and
it is not much better in European Russia.
Here the cold and warm winds, which sweep
uninterrupted from north and south, produce
extremes of temperature; hence the rainfall is
slight. But most of European and part of
Asiatic Russia, or Siberia, is very productive ;
indeed, agriculture is the prevailing industry
in these regions. In Siberia, mining is a prom-
inent industry; minerals abound, and include
gold, iron, copper and platinum. The rich
plains, known as the “black lands,” from their
deep, loamy soil, which stretch from the Car-
pathians to the Urals, are the most productive
corn-lands in Europe. Among the varied races
of Russia there exists a wide variety of
religions.

Thus we see that Russia covers a vast terri-
tory, is thinly populated, and has, in spite of
a generally inhospitable climate, vast agricul-
tural productiveness, together with great min-
eral resources. What, then, does Russia lack?
What Russia lacks is ports; ports which shall
be open all the year round; not closed half of
every year by the ice, as many of her most
important ports are now. Russia thinks that
the only way she can have ports, more south-
ern ports, ports that will be open to the trade
all the year round, is to acquire control of
neighboring lands which have such ports. Rus-

THE ARGO. a

sia’s internal trade is enormous, and her for-
eign trade would be vastly increased if she
could have a few more well situated ports
which she could keep open the year round. The
aim of Russia’s foreign policy has been so to
manoeuvre as to obtain the desired ports; and
the desired ports undoubtedly include ports on
the Atlantic, in the Mediterranean, in the Per-
sian Gulf, on the Arabian Sea, and more ports
on the Yellow Sea, where she already has one
or two. This is Russia’s ultimate aim: to
dominate Asia; but before she can do so po-
litically, and before she can hope to possess
a controlling influence in the commerce of
Asia, she must have good ports at different
points on the Asiatic and European coasts.

Russia’s attempt to carry out her aim have
caused her much trouble in the past, and in-
creasing trouble now, since the other powers,
notably, the United States, Great Britain and
Japan, have become fully convinced of the in-
tentions, and awakened to the true import of
the ambition of Russia. Russia’s advance
across Asia has been slow but steady, till at
last she stands on the shores of the Pacific. She
can go no farther east, but she can endeavor
to go south, and, indeed, she must if she is
to reap the rewards of her labors, for there
are no good ports, open the year round, on her
present Pacific shore. So south she must go.
But right here she encounters the greatest dif-
ficulty she has yet had to deal with; that diffi-
culty is Japan.

Japan is an island empire lying off the east-
ern coast of Asia; its area is between one hun-
dred and sixty and one hundred and seventy
thousand miles, or about one-fiftieth as large
as Russia; its population is about forty-five
million, or about three hundred to the square
mile; Japan is thus twenty times as thickly
populated as Russia.

Now Japan is at the same time the most
densely populated and the least productive
country in the world. It is imperatively nec-
essary for Japan to possess some land some-
where, preferably near her, where her surplus
population may go. Ever since the Chino-
THE ARGO. 48

Japano war Japan has looked upon Corea as
hers by good rights, and as a convenient home
for her surplus population. In that war Japan
{reed Corea from the tyrannical rule of China,
and Corea would henceforth have belonged to
the enlightened government of Japan had not
Russia stepped in at the close of the war and
compelled Japan to lose the fruits of her vic-
tory over China by making her acknowledge
Corea as an independent country. Russia did
this, not out of friendliness toward Corea, but
in order that she might one day the more
easily seize the country for her own personal
advantage, in accordance with her land-grab-
bing policy.

At the close of the Boxer troubles Russia
agreed to withdraw her troops from Man-
churia as soon as it was pacified, just as the
other powers each agreed to withdraw its
troops from the region which it guarded so
soon as such region should be pacified. Every
power but Russia carried out its agreement;
Russia has not done so. She claims that Man-
churia is not pacified; but it is better pacified
than many parts of Russia. Manchuria is pac-
ified, and has been for some time. Several
attempts have been made by the other powers,
notably, United States, England and Japan,
to persuade Russia to carry out her agreement,
but in vain. In the meantime Russia, instead
of withdrawing her forces from Manchuria, is
sending more there as fast as she can. So
there can be no possible doubt that Russia con-
siders Manchuria as now her territory, and
will not leave it until driven out.

By practically annexing Manchuria, Russia
has advanced one more step toward the reali-
ization of her dream of Asiatic domination.
Logically, her next move is to swallow up
Corea; and it is now fully evident to every one
that she fully intends to do so; and at the
earliest. convenient moment. Possibly she
would be permitted to do so were it not for
Japan; as it is, Japan desires Corea even more
than Russia, since it is absolutely necessary
that she have the country as a home for her
surplus population. Corea is not half so thick-

ly populated as Japan, and there is room for
many Japanese. Russia covets Corea for its
seaports; Russia does not need Corea as a land
where her overflow population may find homes,
nor is there any other good and sufficient rea-
son why she should annex Corea. She had no
right to, and no necessity for, seizing Man-
churia. The only excuse Russia has for de-
siring these countries, is that they will fur-
nish her good ports, and that their possession
will be a step onward in her scheme of con-
trolling Asia commercially and politically.
This is where the ambition of Russia is selfish.
But to wish to increase its trade as much as
possible, with foreign countries, and to control
all the foreign trade it can, are natural ambi-
tions for a big and powerful country to feel.

This collision, or rather, overlapping, of the
Japanese and Russian interests in the Far East
is of interest and moment to the entire world.
Japan has shown wonderful patience and firm-
ness in dealing with the question. Japan real-
izes that Russia, in attempting to occupy
Corea, threatens the very existence of Japan
herself; and that her strife with Russia is, and
will be, a struggle for national existence.
Japan understands the necessity for keeping
Russia out of Corea, and she has stood firmly
by her own national interests. Since Russia
intends to retain control of Manchuria, Japan
asks Russia that she recognize her control in
Corea. In other words, Japan says to Russia:
“Tf you will leave Corea alone, I will make no
further objections to your occupying Man-
churia.” This is not selfish in Japan, for we
have shown that she needs the territory, and
Russia does not need it for anything like as
good a reason as does Japan.

Furthermore, the people who at present in-
habit Corea more nearly resemble the Japanese
than they do any other people; and the best
thing that could happen to Corea, both for her
own interests and for the interests of the en-
lightened countries of the world, is that she
belong to Japan.

Russia, as might be expected, objects to
Japan’s owning Corea, wishing it herself. But
46 THE ARGO.

Japan will stand by her condition to Russia,
mentioned above. So far Russia has gained
her ends by shrewd, but underhand, or ‘“Or-
iental,” diplomacy. She now openly declares
that she will resort to force to maintain posses-
sion of Manchuria, which means that if she
cannot get the control of the destinies of Asia,
her main and ultimate object, by peaceful
means, she will endeavor to do so by force.

Japan is ready to fight for her rights; and
she will certainly not hesitate to fight Russia if
she does not grant her the concession justly
demanded. The latest reports seem to show
that Russia will refuse to grant the concession ;
so that way may be declared between the two
countries any day.

As to which country would win in a war, it
is hard to tell. The war strength of Russia is
seven times that of Japan in land forces, num-
erically ; in sea forces Russia is three or four
times as strong as Japan, in numbers. Thus,
at first glance, the odds would seem to be over-
whelmingly in Russia’s favor. But investigat-
ing a little further, we find that, discarding the
advantage which Russia possesses in numbers,
Japan has every other advantage possible, but
one: the Russians have more endurance; Rus-
sia would wear Japan out in the long run.
This is true more especially in regard to her
power on land. In event of war, Japan,
through the advantages over Russia which she
does not possess, would be generally victorious
at first. These advantages are very important
ones: The direct efficiency of the Japanese
army is in every department superior to that
of the Russian army. The Japanese, collect-
ively and individually, are more intelligent
than the Russians, at least in the rank and file.
They are vastly more mobile than the Rus-
sians; the former are well disciplined, quick
and determined, the latter poorly disciplined,
slow, stupid, although obstinate and of great
endurance.

On the sea Russia is much stronger in point
of numbers, but here again weaker in point of
efficiency. Many of Russia’s warships are old
and out of date, while nearly all of Japan’s

warships are of the best and most up-to-date
construction. Furthermore, Japan’s situation
enables her to mass all her ships at one point,
she having not any distant colonies or ports
to defend; while Russia is obliged to keep
some of her best boats in the Baltic and Black
seas to guard her home ports many thousand
miles distant from the seat of war.

Thus we see that each side has advantages,
so that which ever side wins, it is bound to be
a terrible struggle. Then there are dangers,
too, of international complications. At pres-
ent England has some kind of an offensive and
defensive alliance with Japan, and France has
an alliance with Russia. So that it is possible
that these countries also may become involved
actively in the war. Fortunately the United
States has no entangling alliance with any for-
eign power, and so may maintain strict neutral-
ity so long as her own rights are not infringed
on.

 

MACAULAY ON THE RULE OF THE
PEOPLE.

Ina letter written in 1857 to Mr. H. S. Ran-
dall, of this country, and since published,
Macaulay, the great English author and states-
man, makes some remarkable prophecies con-
cerning this country. Mr. Randall had sent
to Lord Macaulay a copy of the “Life of Jef-
ferson,” written by himself. In acknowledg-
ing the book, Macaulay wrote a letter in which
every American ought to be interested.

He begins by saying that he has no very high
opinion of Jefferson and his ideas about De-
mocracy. Then he goes on to show why he
believes that “institutions purely democratic,
must, sooner or later, destroy liberty, or civ-
ilization, or both.”

First he cites the example afforded by the
French Revolution of 1848: “Then a pure
democracy was established there (in France).
During a short time there was reason to ex-
pect a general spoilation, a national bank-
ruptcy, a new partition of the soil, a maximum
of prices, a ruinous load of taxation laid on
 

THE ARGO,

the rich for the purpose of supporting the poor
in idleness. Such a system would in twenty
years have made France as poor and barbarous
as the France of the Carlovingians, Happily
the danger was averted; and now there is a

despotism, a silent Tribune, an enslaved press,
Liberty is gone, but civilization has been
saved.” Macaulay then says that even in Eng-
land, under a pure democracy, the result would
be the same. “Lither the poor would plunder
the rich, and civilization would perish; or or-
der and prosperity would be saved by a strong
military government, and liberty would
perish.”

Then the writer goes on to say that the fate
of our country has been deferred by a physi-
cal cause. For as long as we have “a bound-
less extent of fertile and unoccupied land,”
our workingmen will be at ease and the “Jef-
ferson politics” may continue to exist without
causing any calamity. But when our country
becomes as thickly peopled as the countries of
the old world, as it surely will become, then
there will be times when the laboring classes
will be out of work, or at least will have small
wages. “Then,” says Macaulay, “your insti-
tutions will be fairly brought to the test. Dis-
tress everywhere makes the laborer mutinous
and discontented and inclines him to listen
with eagerness to agitators who tell him that
it is a monstrous iniquity that one man should
have a million, while another cannot get a full
meal.” In England, when such things hap-
pen, it matters little; for the sufferers are not
the rulers. Accordingly, the mal-contents are
firmly, yet gently, restrained. The bad time is
got over without robbing the wealthy to relieve
the indigent. The springs of national pros-
perity soon begin to flow again; work is plen-
tiful; wages rise; and all is tranquility and
cheerfulness.”

But over here in America, according to
Macaulay, things will be different. The Unit-
ed States will have to pass through many such
hard times in the course of the next century.
Then our government will not be able to re-

49

Strain a distressed and discontented majority:
“The day will come when, in the State of New
York, a multitude of people, none of whom
has had more than half a breakfast or expects
to have more than half a dinner, will choose a
Legislature. Is it possible to doubt what sort
of a Legislature will be chosen?” So that our
legislative assemblies, instead of being com-
posed of wise and steadfast statesmen, will be
made up of self-seeking and dangerous dema-
gogues; and then how shall our nation stand?

And then Lord Macaulay concludes his ar-
gument thus:

“T seriously apprehend that you will, in some
such season of adversity as I have described,
do things which will prevent prosperity from
returning; that you will act like people who
should in a year of scarcity devour all the seed-
corn, and thus make the next a year, not of
scarcity, but of absolute famine. There will
be, I fear, spoiliation. The spoiliation will in-
crease the distress. The distress will produce
fresh spoiliation. There is nothing to stop
you. Your Constitution is all sail and no an-
chor. As I said before, when a society has en-
tered on this downward progress, either civili-
zation or liberty must perish. Either some
Cesar or Napoleon will seize the reins of gov-
ernment with a strong hand, or your republic
will be as fearfully plundered and laid waste
by barbarians in the twentieth century as the
Roman Empire was in the fifth, with this dif-
ference, that the Huns and Vandals who rav-
aged the Roman Empire came from without,
and that your Huns and Vandals will have
been engendered within your own country by
your own institutions.”

Throughout the whole letter there is a cer-
tainty of conviction which commands our at-
tention. Whether Macaulay be an inspired
prophet or not, of course we cannot tell. But
surely it behooves us to consider these things
deeply, to the end that we may be ready when
the time of test shall come. QUAERENS.

 
43 THE ARCO.

MOW ONE EDITOR SITS DOWN TO
WRITE A POEM FOR THE ARGO.

Ah me! I'll have to grind out something for
next month’s Argo, or there will be a storm of
wrath descending on my tender ears. I may
as well chop off a few verses of poctry. Space
between the stanzas fills up about as well as
anything. What shall I write about? Oh, any
old thing, I haven’t time to wait for an inspira-
tion. The “Sea” will do very well. It’s al-
ways well to have a broad subject, though I
fear this is one too deep for me.

To begin with, there must be an invocation
to the Muse. They always have one in an
heroic poem; the effort is the heroic part of
this one. So here goes:

“O, Muse! Tell me of the great, green sea”—

Wait a moment. A Sea-Muse would be a
water-nymph or a sea-serpent or some such
thing as that. Never mind. I'll let it go at
that.

“O, Muse! Tell me of the great, green sea
And all things green that therein be—
Squirming monsters covered with slime,
That ooze and wriggle all the time.”

There, that’s delightful. Methinks I hear
the critics gnashing their teeth that they can
find no fault with the harmonious beauty of
the thing. However, their time will come.

Having invoked the Muse, I shall now pro-
ceed with the main body of the theme. By the
way, I may as well “crib” a line or two. There
never yet was a genuine poet that didn’t.

“Full many a gem of purest ray serene

The dark, unfathomed caves of ocean bear,

And many a ship is on the billows green,

Where long-armed mermaids comb their
yellow hair.”

Hold on! The meter (it might with truth
be called a gas meter) is twisted. I fear me I
don’t know how to manage my feet in this
deep-sea swimming. Hang it! I can’t write a
poem. Well, I’ll have to get up some kind of
a “yarn” for the Editor-in-Chief. I have it:
Editor-in-Chief of The Argo:

Dear Str—I set out to write a poem for next

month’s Argo, on the “Sea.” I had got about

half-way across when mv Muse fell in and was
drowned. I regret to state that I shall be un-
able to write anything for the next issue.
Yours truly,
Epitor X.

 

an BOYS MAKE MEN.
Work there is for them to do—
Help them to be honest, true;
Shun the glittering paths of sin,
Heed the warning voice within;
Firmly to maintain the right
In integrity and might—
Bringing culture and renown,
To the country and the town.
For boys make men.

Treat them kindly, as you know
Room they need to work and grow.
Manhood’s goal they reach at length,
In brain and muscle, heart and strength.
Many honors they may gain,
Write their names in Halls of Fame,
Or, with generous aid may bless,
Cheer and comfort in distress—

For boys make men.

Christ, their Captain, seeks their aid,

Honors perish—wreaths must fade.

But the deathless crown to win,

Is to conquer self and sin.

He, the Child of Bethlehem’s manger,

Born on earth, a heavenly stranger,

Then a boy in stature grew,

And a boy’s heart well He knew.
For boys make men.

But should passion, drink or sin

Blight his life—no laurels win.

Hopes of friends pass out of sight

In the deepest shades of night.

Pity him—and drop a tear,

He was once a lad—and dear.

Chose the ways of sin to tread,

Now he sleeps, dishonored, dead.
For boys make men.
THE “ARGO.

‘Then, Professors, be not hard
And their friendship ne’er discard,
You may yet be proud one day
“He, my pupil was,” to say.
And I taught him, much he knew;
Oft was he my comrade, too.
Now, his name is writ on high
And his fame will never die.
For boys make men.
S. Cong Crarke.
| Written specially for The Argo.—Editor. |

 

LITTLE LOCALS.

A wonderful clock has just been completed
by a Bavarian clockmaker after nineteen years
of labor. It tells the seconds, minutes, hours,
days, weeks, months, years and Christian fes-
tivals. ‘The course of the sun, moon and con-
stellations is given and eclipses shown. The
clock has been regulated te keep all these
things until 2899. The clock consists of 2,200
parts and has 142 wheels, while it is worth
$8,750. —New York Tribune.

REVIVED.

Dr. P.: “Give a quotation from Macbeth.”
L—b—w gives one incorrectly.

Dr. P.: “That is not right.”

L—b—w: “Oh, I know.”

Dr. P.: “Who told you?”

L—b—w: “Banquo.”

A FISH STORY.

A fishy old fisher named Fischer
Fished fish from the edge of a fissure;
A cod, with a grin,
Pulled the fisherman in—
Now they’re fishing the fissure for Fischer.
—Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
M—I—r: “Where do you find ozone?”
“Dr.” Fe—y: “Back to the tall pines.”
At the Opera: “To me Wagner is a re-
ligion.”
“Yes?”
“Yes—that is to say, what I can’t understand
I take on trust.”—Brooklyn Life.
The key of my heart, dear maiden mine,

49

Lies in those sweet, blue eys of thine.

EN.
BY HIMSELF.

; h’m had put on a clean collar and
his best coat, and was walking majestically up
and down the street.

“Aren’t you working to-day, uncle?” asked
one of his Caucasion acquaintances,

“No, suh. Ise celebratin’ my golden wed-
din’, suh,”

“You were married fifty years ago to-day ?”

“Yes, suh.”

“Well, why isn’t your wife helping you to
celebrate it?”

“My present wife, suh,” replied Uncle
Eph’m, with dignity, “ain’t got nothin’ to do
with it. She’s de ‘levent -’—Chicago Tribune.

At an evangelical service at Glasgow recent-
ly the preacher, at the end of his address, cried:
“Now, all you good people who mean to go to
heaven with me, stand up!” With a surge of
enthusiasm the audience sprang to its feet all
but an old Scotchman in the front row, who sat
still. The horrified evangelist wrung his hands,
and, addressing him, said: “My good man, my
good man, don’t you want to go to heaven?”
Clear and deliberate came the answer: “Aye,
Awm gangin’, but no wi’ a pairsonally con-
ducted pairty!”—New York Tribune.

PARENTHETICAL REMARKS,

A well-known Indiana man

One dark night late last week
Went to the cellar with a match
In search of a gas leak.
(He found it.)

Uncle Ep

John Welch by curiosity
Despatches state) was goaded ;
He squinted in his old shotgun
To see if it was loaded.
(It was.)

A man in Macon stopped toe watch
A patent cigar clipper ;
He wondered if his finger was
Not quicker than the nipper.
(It wasn’t.)
IV

A Maine man read that the human eyes
Of hypnotism were full;
He went to see if it would work
Upon an angry bull.
(It wouldn’t.)

James Wilkins fancied if he died
The rolling sphere would stop;
He took the gas route to see if
The world would shut up shop.
(It didn’t.)
—San Francisco Bulletin.

asked
Most
child

A class of little girls at school was
the meaning of the word “philosopher.”
of the hands were extended, but one
seemed especially anxious to tell.

“Well, Annie, what is a philesopher ?” asked

the teacher.

THE ARGO.

“A man that rides a philosonede,” was the
little girl’s answer—Christian Advocate.

Some things that happen on the stage are
very wonderful. An English audience was re-
cently marveling at a dog which was playing
a bit of an old masterpiece on a piano. Sud-
denly some one in the audience yelled “Rats!”
and the dog made a break from the piano. But
the music kept right along just the same.—
Selected.

HIS LITTLE JOKE.

“Doctor,” said the patient, after paying his
bill, “if there is anything in the theory of the
transmigration of souls you'll be a warhorse
after death.”

“That sounds rather flattering” remarked
Dr. Price-Price.

“Yes, you’re such a splendid charger.”-—
Catholic Standard.

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these
firms.

W. H. Cooper, Shoes......-.++- Svinte: eieteveherese sei I
Times Publishing Co ..
Harding & Mansfield, Shoes........++ seeeeeeees I
Pp. J. Young Dry Goods Co...
T. C. Hageman, Clothier....
Stewart’s Haberdashery
W. R. Reed, Stationery ......--seeeeeee aitysieieiee Ll
O. O. Stillman, Jeweler.......seseeeeeeeeeeeee ul
I. S. Van Deveer, Pnotographer I
D. Cupoli & Co., Bootblack.....0.eeeeee eee eees

L. Volkert, Tailor sag

Lyons & Parker, Clothiers .
Jacob Weber, Tailor
Randolph Studio ..... on
B. U. Tapken, Jeweler .
P. HU. Suydam, Grocer ....
F. Bruns, Confectioner ...
W. J. Seng, Shoes
Graham & McCormick, Caterers...
New York Confectionery
Rutgers College
Williams & Mettlar, Poultry News.
Bissett, Drvgs
Cc. Tamm, Stationery
L. H. Leitheiser, Barber ..
Seiffert Bros., Stationery ..
Hughes, Laundry
W. J. McDede, Livery
Rutgers Preparatory School

Ckmagheweweee: renee fad

  
    
  
 
 
  

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.

Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities ror Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior _years in Latin, Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy, Physics,
Chemistry and Biology.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State College f .
areend. the Mechante Arts. ise ton thie’ Denefltet Agrical
There are five full courses,
aoe an s, each leading to the first degree
. A Course in Agriculture.
A Course in Civil Engineering and Mechanics,
8. A Course in Chemistry.
4, A Course in Electricity.
5. A Course in Biology.
THE PLAN OF

COLLEGE EXTENSION.

has been enlarged, Additional courses of Jecturesin various
branches of science and titerature are offered and will be
given chrgaghont aan Jersey, at such centres as may
ge with the Secr tary of the E.
Eat souls Bevier, af Ph Dz. Sa: PARNER
‘or catalogues and other info: vIN'
8, UPSON, Reaistrar, nformation, address IRVING
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D . President.

Per

 

 

 

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.
TE

 

 

 

THE ARGO, Vv

POULTRY NEWS Delicious Milk Shakes

25 CENTS A YEAR AND ICE CREAM

Illustrated, up-to-date, original. Has special ve AT...
Seeeemecine Wiccan Ea BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,
Published By

WILLIAMS & METLAR, Agency for Huyler’s Candies,

P. O. Box 18 General Chemist.

New Brunswick, New Jersey Cor. George and Washington Stree

Food for Students. LOUIS LEITHEISER,
Good for their Brains and Muscles. Barber and Hair Dresser

At TAMM’S,
1 : 117 Albany St,
Books, Stationery and Sporting Goods sei New Jersey
62 DENNIS STREET New Brunswick, y.

 

SEIFFERT BROS.
For Stationery, Books, Photo and 80 CHURCH ST.

Sporting Goods. Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students.
50 Dennis StrREET R. W. HUGHES Proprietor.

     

= SS -
= NL SSS SEE

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.

 

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

 

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

MISS MARY GREGG, | tastracto

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.

 
