VOL. XV.—No. 7
APRIL, 1904

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 
 

I THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER'S.

376 George St.

Satisfaction. Low Prices.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

2, FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

 

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR CSW BLA,”
Sf $3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 Peace Sr. NEw BRUNSWICK.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,
xew stoce or — DRESS GOODS & SILKS a es Bee

 

 

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. i Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
SUITS AND JACKETS, LAPT HILDREN'S. an Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 7 SHURCH_STREET.

 

 

 

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.
THE ARGO. II

T. C. HAGEMAN,
FINE CLOTHIER AND FURNISHER

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

STEWART'S HABERDASHERY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
CHURCH STREET. NO. 29.

 

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

380 GEORGE STREET,

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.

FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR

A TEN CENT SHINE FOR FIVE CTS.
Polish, Shoe Laces and Fine Cigars.

ALL SHINES 5 CENTS.
Dominic Cupoli & Company,

405 GEORGE STREET.

LYONS & PARKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc.

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

IL S. VAN DERVEER
Photographer

Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
3855 George St., New Brunswick.

L. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,

 

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

4|7 George St.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo,

 
THE ARGO.

Il

RANDOLPH, ESt@eRaciee
Studio: George St., opp. Soldiers’ Monument

SPECIAL RATES TO STUDENTS.

We have special school and college mounts and special backgrounds.
This is a SPECIAL invitation to you to call at Studio.

Be Us? APRS Nes

JEWELER.
ig 4 Su Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

Made to Order.

I

 

 

 

 

 

Telephone 46. A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF.........-
EVERYTHING THE BEST. Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s
P.H.SUYDAM, | SHOES -
GROCER,
MONUMENT SQUARE. AT LOWEST PRICES

 

FINE CONFECTIONERY and ICE REAM =

at F. BRUNS WILLIAM J. SENGS,

71 CHURCH STREET
Graham & McCormick, Rutgers Prep. School

Caterers and Confectioners Shoe Stores.
FANOY CAKE BAKERS
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

w Yorl i : wid
The Ne x Confectionery Repairing Neatly Done.
Pp. A. CONSTANTINIDUS & CO.

101 CHURCH ST., NEAR GEORGE ST. Remember the two stores,

New Brunswick, N. J. 48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
 

THE ARGO.

 

 

 

VoL. XV.

New Brunswick, N. J., Apri, 1904.

No. 7.

 

 

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

=

BOARD OF EDITORS:
THOMAS DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE,
Editor-in-Chief.

 

 

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana.

FRANCIS M. POTTER
DUMONT F. ELMENDORF,
CLARKSON STELLE,

S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.

BENJAMIN M.\MILLE
s ‘AMUEL C. WARNE ck | Business Managers.

News.

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents
All communications shoud be addressed to the Editor-in-

Chief, R. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most

cordially invited to contribute.

 

ORGANIZED CHEERING.

The baseball season is here again, and with
it comes a duty for each member of the School
to fulfill. This duty, it should be a pleasure,
is to give our unstinted support to the baseball
team. For some of us this duty is to play on
the team, while for the great majority of us
this duty means cheering the team. In the
school there are more than fifty boys who can
and should attend each game at Neilson Field.
But at the most, not more than twenty-five
come toa game. This should not be so. There
should be at each game an organized cheering
section of at least forty boys. We do not like

to say that we think that the fellows who don’t
attend the game have not any pride or interest
in their School. But facts seem to show that
this is the case. We have several good cheers
and two excellent songs, and, with an energetic
cheering section, the fellows could easily show
that in point of “school spirit” our School is
one of the best. Many a victory in years gone
by has been won by the fellows showing the
team that they believed that the team could
win, and this year, with prospects so bright,
the enthusiasm and cheering should be even
greater, and no stone should be left unturned
in our efforts to put forth a winning team. We
think it would be well if a committee, consist-
ing of two members from each class, should
be appointed to get as large an attendance of
the undergraduates at the home games as is
possible. We would also suggest that the cheer
leaders at each game be four in number—the
President of the Senior Class, and one man
from each fraternity. We trust that the under-
graduates will fulfil this duty, and, whether
the team meets success or defeat, will cheer
with all their might those who strive to bring
still more honor to our Alma Mater. :

SECOND TEAMS.

As announced in last month’s Argo, a second
baseball team would be organized, and it is
therefore necessary that every one who can
should report for practice every afternoon at
the Trap, as games will probably be played
with various town teams. A good second team
always helps the ’Varsity team, and in that
way, even though a person does not play on
the ’Varsity, he is helping to win the games.
The idea of having two teams entered in the

 

 

 
 

62 THE ARGO

coming relay races at Neilson Field is a good
one, and as many fellows as possible should
run every day,

ALUMNIANA.
Charles Van Nuis, ’76, is in business in
Philadelphia.
Garretson, ’95, visited the School on

April fourteenth. When in Rutgers Prep. Mr.
Garretson was Senior Editor of The Argo.

Lane Cooper, ’92, had an article on Cole-
ridge and Wordsworth in the Athenaeum on
March twelfth. Mr. Cooper is now an assist-
ant professor at Cornell University. Last
year Mr. Cooper, who, when a student at Rut-
gers College, was the holder of several run-
ning records, trained Schutt, the present inter-
collegiate two-mile champion.

Frank L. Janeway, ’96, was Secretary of
the Religious Conference for college men held
at Union Seminary during the latter part of
March.

Miss Elizabeth Corbin, ’96, has been visit-
ing at The Trap.

Robert A. Cook, ’96, is one of the house
physicians at the Presbyterian Hospital, New
York City.

Howard C. Voorhees, ’98, was in town dur-
ing vacation. When in the School Mr. Voor-
hees was connected wtih The Argo.

S. Bradford Woodbridge, ’99, spent his Eas-
ter vacation in town.

Nathan T. Benedict, ’99, is in business in
New York.

L. P. Janeway, ex-’99, spent his Easter va-
cation in town.

Cornelius B. McCrellis, ’00, is in business in
this city.

Charles Nafey, ’o1, is studying bookkeeping
at the local Business College.

Charles Parker Wilber, 1901, won the inter-
collegiate championship in club swinging at
the New York University Gymnasium on
March twenty-fifth. When in the School Mr.
Wilber played on the baseball team, and also

was a member of the football squad. The Argo
heartily congratulates Mr. Wilber, and hopes
that he will be as successful at St. Louis,
where he will compete against the champion of
the Western Intercollegiate Gymnastic Asso-
ciation, as he was at New York.

Thomas Alan Devan, ’o2, was elected a
member of the Executive Committee of the
Intercollegiate Gymnastic Association on
March twenty-fifth.

Miss May Baldwin Demarest, ‘03, visited
the School on March thirty-first.

Miss Jennie Voorhees, ‘00, was in town dur-
ing the Easter recess.

Miss Claire Halsted, ’oo, did not return to
her studies at Vassar when the Easter vaca-
tion came to a close, and she will not return to
Poughkeepsie until her father, Prof. Byron
Halsted, of Rutgers College, returns from
New York, where he is undergoing a series
of operations on his eyes.

Miss Marion Voorhees, ’oo, spent the Easter
vacation in town.

Clifford I. Voorhees, ex-’o1, has been elect-
ed to four prominent Princeton Upper Class
clubs, three of which are “The Ivy,” “The
Tiger Inn” and “The Cottage.”

Paul E. McChesney, ’03, spent the Easter
vacation in this city. Mr. McChesney visited
The Trap on April fourteenth.

Mr. Schuyler H. Rust, ex-’03, visited the
School on March twenty-ninth.

Mr. Stout, a former student and instructor
in Rutgers Preparatory School, visited the
School on March twenty-second.

BASEBALL OUTLOOK.

Baseball practice began on Wednesday after-
noon, April thirteenth, at The Trap grounds,
with about twenty-five men trying for the vari-
ous positions. The outlook is very promising,
and, with the hearty support of every student,
this year’s team should make a fine record.
There are now trying for the team several fel-
lows who have won the R. P. in baseball, viz.:
Case, 06; Hancock, ’06; Lang, ’04; Matzke,

 
THE ARGO. 63

’o5, and Fisher, ’04. Competition is very keen,
and whoever makes the team will have to work
very hard. A scrub will be formed and games
played not only with the first team, but with
other schools. Mr. Riedel and Mr. Van Vech-
ten, ’02, have been coaching the team. The
pitching will probably be done by Fisher, ’o4,
and C. Nicholas, ’06.

The following is a partial list of those out
for practice every day: Case, ’06; Hancock,
‘06; Fisher, ’04; Allen, ’05; Applegate, ’06;
Price, 06; Labaw, ’04; Vroomnan, ’o5; C.
Corbin, ’05 ; Matzke, ’05; W. Schenck, ’06; H.
Phinney, ’07; Allgair, 05; Kirkpatrick, ’o5;
Opdyke, ’04; J. Hoe, ’06; Watson, ’o4; C.
Nicholas, 06; Voorhees, ’06; Beall, ’04; Hall,
’o4, and Thompson, ’06.

THE NEW SCHOOL SONG.

Another song, called “Rutgers Prep.
School,” has just been written for the

School. The tune is “Old Folks at Home.”
The words are:
1. Down where the Raritan is flowing,
Out to the sea,
There’s where my heart’s devotion’s owing,
There is the school for me.
Famed are her walls in song and story ;
Honoured her name;
Her sons unite to sound her glory,
And to uphold her frame.

CHORUS.
Rutgers Prep. School! Hall of Learning!
Other schools above.
My heart for thee is ever yearning,
True to the school I love.

2. “Scarlet and White” is waving o’er me,
Floating on high.
Long has that banner gone before me,
Gleaming against the sky.
Proudly its silken folds I cherish,
Sacredly pure.
Ne’er shall its scarlet splendour perish,

Always its white endure.
Cho.

This song will be sung at all of the baseball
games this spring, and it is therefore neces-
sary that every student should know the words
as soon as possible. The first and last verses
of the football song, together with the chorus,
will also be sung at the games.

BASEBALL SCHEDULE.

The complete schedule of baseball games for
this season is as follows:

April 23—Cedercroft School, at New Bruns- °
wick,

May 7—Trenton State School, at Trenton.

May 14—Barnard School, at New Bruns-
wick,

May 21—Erasmus Hall, at New Brunswick
in morning.

May 28—Stevens Prep., at New Brunswick.

May 30—Plainfield High, at New Bruns-
wick.

June 4—Hudson River Military, at New
Brunswick.

RUTGERS PREP. TO BE REPRE-
SENTED AT PRINCETON IN-
TERSCHOLASTIC GAMES.

At a mass meeting held in Mr. Mill’s room
after the sixth period on April fifteenth, it was
decided to send a relay team to compete in the
Eighth Annual Princeton Interscholastic
Games, which will be held at ’Varsity Field,
Princeton, on April thirtieth, There will be
fourteen events: 100-yard run, 220-yard run,
440-yard run, 880-yard run, I-mile run, 2-mile
run, 120-yard hurdle, 3 ft. 6 in.; 220-yard
hurdle, 2 ft. 6 in. ; putting 12-Ib. shot, throwing
16-Ib. hammer, pole vault, running high jump,
running broad jump, and 1-mile relay race
(four men). A handsome silver cup, valued
at $250, presented by the Princeton Alumni, of
Philadelphia, will be awarded to the School
winning the games three years, not necessarily
in succession. A banner will also go to the
winner of the games. The regular Princeton
Die Medals will be given—gold to first, silver
to second, and bronze to third in each event.

 
64 THE ARGO.

A handsome banner will be given to the win-
ner of the relay race.

The following notice was sent to the School,
with the entry blanks: “The management has
made arrangements for all trains to be met on
the morning of April thirtieth. Provision will
be made to have contestants, guests of the
Upper Class clubs for lunch, at twelve o'clock.
Contestants’ tickets, good for the Princeton-
Cornell baseball game, which will follow the
track events, will be sent out on receipt of all
entries. The management desires that all men
should reach Princeton by the morning trains
in order to avoid any unnecessary confusion in
the above arrangements.

“March 3Ist, 1904.”

RELAY TEAM TRIALS.

Trials for the one-mile relay team, which
will run at Princeton on April thirtieth, were
held at eilson Field on April twenty-first, at
four o’clock. The day was clear and almost
too cold, but the fierce wind, which blew un-
ceasingly, was alone enough to make fast time
im possible. The trials resulted in the selec-
tion of Woodbridge, ’05; Hageman, ’o4;
Verdi, ’03, and Fisher, ’04, who will run in
the order named. Watson, ’o4, will be the sub-
stitute. Eight tried for the team—two more
than last year.

 

MEETINGS.

A meeting in the interests of the track team
was held in Mr. Mill’s room at the close of
School on Friday, April fifteenth. It was de-
cided to send a relay team to Princeton and to
call a meeting of the Athletic Association to
raise funds to defray the expenses of such a
trip. The meeting of the Athletic Association
was held on Thursday, April twenty-first, in
Mr. Mills’ room, at recess. It was decided to
assess each member fifteen cents to pay for the
relay team’s carfare to Princeton, Dr. Payson
having previously agreed to pay the entry fee
for the team.

THE SENIOR CLASS BANQUET.

The Senior Class held its banquet on Friday
evening, April fifteenth, at ten o'clock, at Gra-
ham and McCormick’s, on Church street, this
city. The Seniors report that the affair was
very spirited, and every one had a good time.
Mr. Kilmer, the President of the class, made
an able toastmaster, and after all hands had
dined the following speeches were made:

Address by Alfred Joyce Kilmer, Toastmaster.

American Citizenship—Mr. Warner.
“Thus States were formed ; the name of king
unknown.”
Rutgers College Preparatory School.—Mr.
Hall.
“Severa res est verum gaudium.”
Nineteen Four—Mr. Taverner.
“Bright with a glory that shall never fade.”
Scientific Course—Mr. Corbin.
“Mount where Science guides,
Go measure earth, weigh air and stay the tides.
Instruct the planets what orbs to run,
Correct old time and regulate the sun.”
Classical Course—Mr. Devan.
“A little learning is a dangerous thing,
Drink deep or taste not the Pierian spring.”
Woman—Mr. Mettler.
“Then remember, whenever your goblet is
crown’d,
Thro’ this world, whether Eastward or
Westward you roam,
When a cup to the smile of dear woman
goes ’round,
Oh! remember the smile which adorns her
at home.”
The Trap—Mr. Opdyke.
“Gaudeamus igitur, juvenes dum sumus.”
Baseball—Mr. Lang.
“Health should be the basis and instruction
the ornament of early education.”
The Cadets—Mr. Watson.
“Order is heaven’s first law.”
The Argo—Mr. Miller.
“Never writ a flattery,
Nor sign’d the page that registered a lie.”
THE ARGO. - 65

New Jersey—Mr. Labaw.

“As rich in colleges as in farms.”

New Brunswick—Mr. Schneider.

“Methinks already, from his chymic flame,

I see a city of more precious mold,
Rich as the town which gave the Indies
name,
With silver paved, and all divine with
gold”
Commuters—Mr. Dulje.
“How blest is he who lives a country life
Unvexed with anxious cares, and void of
strife.”
The Future—Mr. Beall.
“Who misses or who wins the prize?
Go lose or conquer, as you can;

But if you fail, or if you rise,

Be each, pray God, a gentleman.”
The Undergraduates—Mr. Landers.

“May they our ways improve, but not

abhor.”

After the banquet was over the fellows par-
aded around the town and finally to The Trap,
where a bonfire was built. The gathering
broke up at about half-past four.

 

EXCHANGES.

The following is a list of our exchanges:
Poly Prep., Brooklyn, N. Y.; The Walking
Leaf, Montour Falls, N. Y.; The Lealonian,
Plainfield, N. J.; The Columbia News, Colum-
bia Grammar School, New York City; The
Advocate, New Brunswick High School, New
Brunswick; The Triangle, New York Univer-
sity, New York City; The News, East Orange
High School, East Orange, N. J.; The Tar-
gum, Rutgers College, New Brunswick; The
Amulet, State Normal School, Westchester,
Pa.; The Red and Black, Central Manual
Training School, Philadelphia, Pa.; The
Sibyl, Elmira College, Elmira, N. Y.; The
Spectator, Trenton High School, Trenton,
N. J.; The Seminary Breeze, Onarga, Ill.; The
Tome, Jacob Tome Institute, Port Deposit,
Maryland; The High School Register, Bur-

lington, Vermont; The Bulkley News, New
London, Conn.; The Pingry Record, Pingry
School, Elizabeth, New Jersey; The Academy
Journal, Norwick, Conn.; The Latin School
Register, Boston Latin School, Boston, Mass. ;
The Phonograph, Ballston Spa, New York;
The High School Times, Fort Madison, lowa;
The Echo, Enosburg Falls, Vermont ; The Red
and Blue, New York City; The Erasmian,
Erasmus Hall High School, Brooklyn, N. Y-;
The Armitage Mercurian, Armitage School,
Wayne, Pa.; The Jayhawker, Kansas State
Agricultural College, Manhattan, Kansas ; The
Echo, Perth Amboy High School, Perth Am-
boy, New Jersey; The Normal Vidette, Kutz-
town, Pa.

 

The inner side of every cloud

Is bright and shining;
I therefore turn my clouds about,
And always wear them inside out—

To show the lining!
—Selected.

 

REMINISCENCES OF
TUTOR THOMPSON'S TIME,

It having been decided to publish in The
Argo, articles containing the reminiscences of
alumni of our school, a number of gentlemen
have been interviewed. The first was the Hon,
Charles 'T. Cowenhoven, ’58, of this city.

Mr. Cowenhoven was a student in this insti-
tution from the fall of 1856 to June, 1858. The
Head Master—or “Rector,” as he was then
called—at that time was the Rev. William I.
Thompson, D.D., a graduate of Rutgers Col-
lege. Dr. Thompson was a stern man, and
very peculiar, He was commonly called
“Tutor Thompson,” or “Old Tute.” Tutor
Thompson was a great advocate and practi-
tioner of corporal punishment. His favorite
method was to compel his victim to continue
for some time with his face bent over into his
lap. Sometimes, however, more effective meth-
ods were employed; for “Old Tute” had a

 
66 THE
certain small, round ruler which he always car-
ried and knew how to wield effectually.

Tutor Thompson was assisted in teaching by
a man named Whitenack, by his nephew, Rev.
Abram Thompson, D.D., and also from time to
time, by students from the Seminary.

The school hours were from 8 a. m. to 2
p. m., with a recess at eleven o'clock. Educa-
tion in those days was purely classical. Six
hours a day were spent in the study of Latin
and Greek, which were taught very thoroughly
by Dr. Thompson. Writing, reading and spell-
ing were rather neglected.

The building in use was that part of the
present one now occupied by the Greek and
Science rooms—the rest having been added
on later. There was no College avenue en-
trance. The Home for the boarding-scholars
—not yet called “The Trap’—was a large,
white house on Somerset street. It is still
standing, though considerably changed; and
there can still be seen in it the marble mantel-
piece whereon “Old Tute” used to make unruly
boys stand and ponder over their misde-
meanors.

There were about ten or twelve boarding-
pupils in the School. Almost all the students
at that time were preparing for the ministry.
Among the scholars in the School then were:
James Parsons, John Underdunk, James Van
Nest, Joseph J. Bonney, Jerome Bergen, Jos-
eph Morgan and Dr. Alan D. Campbell, of
this city.

Many of the students belonged to a secret
literary society, called “Gnoaldi,” a Greek
word, the meaning of which our Argonautic
antiquarians have been unable to discover.
From time to time the members of this society
gave debates and other public literary exhi-
bitions.

A favorite designation for pupils in the
School was “Rats.”

Not much attention was given to athletics.
Although baseball was considerably played,
there were no organized “teams.”

Judge Cowenhoven was graduated from
Rutgers College in the fall of 1858.

ARGO.
A STORY. OF RUSSIA AND JAPAN,

(We publish the following composition ex-
actly as it was handed in to one of our English
teachers.)

That little second handed country of Japan,
having the cheek to walk up to that first class
country of Russia and asking them if they
wanted to fight! Russia said to Japan do you
want to fight? Why! by the time we got
through with you monkey face looking things
there would be nothing left of you.

You musten think because you got United
States to back you up, that we are afraid to
fight you pie face Japs we'll wash the fields
off with you, even if your leader was educated
in Rutgers College which stands on the banks
of the gentle Raritan. Our army is just as
good as yours if not better and our leader was
educited in that magnificent country of Russia.

We will stand our ground we don’t have
to get behind stone walls and in every corner
you can think of. We take all that any body
can give us. There is only one country that
can beat us and that is United States.

The letter Russia sent Japan:
RussIA.

Are dear enemy—We though we would
write and ask you if you would like to be so
brave as to come up and start a war with us,
if you would like to do so answer this letter.
But write it in a decent language so that we
can under stand it and answer it as soon as pos-
silble. My soldiers are so ancash to get a
good hold on you that I had to write this let-
ter to ask if you were ready to fight,

We remain your loving enemy

Empire Russia.
Feb. 8th, 1904.

The answer to that loving letter to Japan:
JAPAN.
My loving friend Russia—We received your
letter and was not glad to hear from you about
any warr but if we can do any thing for you
we will do it we will do any thing for you ex-
cept fighting you but if you let us have some
 

THE ARGO.

soldiers from United States we will fight you,
if you are willing to do so let us know.
We remain your loving friend,
JAPAN.
Feb. 10th, 1904.
When Russia received the friendly letter the
Japs sent them they said we will write back
and tell them what soldiers they can have from

United States.
Russia.

Are loving encmy—We have desided to let
you have some United States soldiers, the ones
we will let you have will be those handsome
cadets of Rutgers College and Rutgers Prep.
School if you are willing to fight start write in

we are ready,
Yours truley
Russia.

Feb. 12th, 1904.
Now the war is going on but the cadets are
not there.

 

EARLY EASTER AND MAY DAY
CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS.

As we look around and see everything so
bright and beautiful around us and the whole
world breaking forth as if glad to leave the
dreary winter in the past, we wonder how the
people of olden times first started to celebrate
this time of year.

If we look we see that Easter was the name
given to the anniversary of the Lord’s resur-
rection and was one of the great events of the
year at which not only Christians, but all peo-
ple, hailed with delight and joy. In the East
people used to salute each other on this day
of days and held feasts in its honor called
Paschal Feasts, because it was kept at the same
time as the Paschalor Jewish Pass-over Feast.

The name Easter as we now call it was de-
rived from the Saxon deity Eostre, whose feast
was celebrated in the spring of every year.
The exact time for Easter Day was for a long
time disputed among the ancients, but at last a
rule has been permanently made and is as fol-

67

lows: Easter Day is always the first Sunday
after the full moon which happens upon oF
next after the twenty-first day of March, and
if the full moon happens upon a Sunday Eas-
ter Sunday is the Sunday following.

Many were the customs practiced in o
times at this Easter time, such as what was
termed lifting, that is, on Easter Monday the
men lifted the women and on the following day
the women did likewise. In Rome it was a
day of feasting and mirth. The Pope also
celebrated it with proper ceremonies. In Eng-
land at one time, says Hasted, large loaves
of bread and cheese were distributed among
the poor, each loaf having on it some symbol
which people thought to mean different things.

In Turkey they celebrate Easter in a still
different way. At daylight twenty cannon an-
nounce the festival. At this signal the Pasha
goes to a plain outside the city and here he in-
spects his troops, then a ram is laid on the altar,
to which the Pasha approaches and stabs his
knife into its throat. The animal is then taken
to the Temple, and if he still lives when he
reaches there the country is supposed to have
a prosperous year. If he dies everybody
mourns the coming sad years and every Moor
sacrifices, according to his means, one or more
sheep in the open street. As I have already
said, Easter can occur between a range of sev-
eral weeks, but the earliest time it can occur
is the twenty-second of March, and the latest
the twenty-fifth of April.

May Day, or May first, is about the time
when we see the greatest outbreaking of
spring, when we see the first flowers come out
and the trees take on a green coat; we cannot
help but feel happy, and so it has been with all
people from time immemorial. In Rome the
floral games were held, which began on the
twenty-eighth of April and lasted for a few
days. In England back as far as the sixteenth
century, on May first the people used to go to
gather flowers, which they brought home
about sunrise amid music and song.

In many towns not satisfied with making

Iden

 
68 THE ARGO.

garlands of flowers, the townspeople placed
a high pole, which was called a May Pole, and
on which they suspended wreaths of flowers
and danced around. They chose a May Queen,
who did not join in the fun of her subjects,
but was placed on a high seat for every one
to look at and advise. She was covered with
fiowers, and her throne was made of flowers
also.

So we also celebrate this time of year, but
as time passes on customs change, and we do
not act the same as did those people of old, yet
in the inmost heart the same feelings exist as
did in the breasts of those good people.

 

ANNEX DEPARTMENT.

THE DANDELION.
(A Reproduction.)

A long time ago Mother Nature used to call
the stars to come out and shine, so that the
people on earth might have light.

One night, as usual, she called them. They
would not come. She called a second time.
When they came they were very cross.

So she punished them by sending them down
to earth.

They fell down deep into the earth. They
were very lonely there, and began to cry. At
last it was morning. They saw their father,
the sun. When he heard their story, he said,
“Do not cry, for I will make you stars on
earth.” Now on bright summer mornings in
the grass are seen little shining stars, called
dandelions. Incrip NELson.

THE FRIENDLY VIOLET.

Once there was a little Violet. She lived by
a brook in the woods; it was nice and cool
there. Insects of all kinds made their holes
under her leaves.

She loved them all dearly and cared for them
tenderly. In return they carried the leaves
away in the fall so she would not be covered
with them. Anton Raven.

Third Grade, Primray Department.

THE HEPATICA.

Once upon a time there was a little flower
called Hepatica. One day in March she
peeped through the ground and it was snow-
ing, and the robins were sitting on the trees,
and she thought to herself, “What kind of a
spring is this?”

So she went to sleep again, and when she
woke up it was a cold day in April, so she
went to sleep again, and when she awoke next
time it was a nice spring day, and all the He-
paticas said “Lazy! Lazy!” So she never
did it again. Marie Epna McFapven.
Third Grade, Primary Department.

 

PICKED UP HERE AND THERE.

Nature always weeps when the good and
the great depart from their natural haunts.—
Dr. Payson on the closing of the School for the
Easter vacation.

THE DIAGRAMED BUCKET.

Nathan’s teacher believed in reducing poetry
to diagram and visible outline. Therefore, ac-
cording to The Boston Herald, she told the
class to make a rough illustration of the poem,
“The Old Oaken Bucket.”

Nathan’s illustration consisted of a large cir-
cle, three buckets and a bunch of dots.

“Nathan,” said the teacher, “I don’t under-
stand this. What's the circle?”

“That’s the well,” replied Nathan.

“And why have you three buckets ?”

“One is the old oaken bucket, one is the iron-
bound bucket and the other is the moss-covered
bucket which hung in the well.”

“And what are all those little dots?”

“Those are the loved spots which my infancy

knew.”
A COMMUNICATION—FROM WHOM?
To THE Eprror or The Argo:—

With all due respect to past precedents and

present wisdom, I suggest that these be the
titles of the Board of Editors:

ARGONAUTE.
T. D. Woodbridge—Gubernator navis.
THE ARGO. 69

C. Stelle, F. M. Potter, D. IF. Elmendorf—
Nantae qui nova de navo quaerent.
F. T. Corbin—Nanta qui de rectis prioribus

nova quaeret.
s. A. Devan—Nanta qui fabulas nauticas

quaeret.
B. M. Miller, S. C. Warner—Nantae qui

navern gerent.
May you have a prosperous voyage!
Pro Bono Nautico.

A CHEERFUL VIEW OF IT.
“General,” reported the Tory inkeeper, “the
American force is divided into one hundred
companies, each containing sixty minutemen.”
“Good!” answered Cornwallis. “I shall
send word to England that we have met the
enemy and they are hours.”—Harvard Lam-

poon.
“He rolled the wheelbarrow—boo hoo!”

A MERE PRETTS.
A beggar once asked for five cts.
He got it—his smile was intts.
He said with a roar,
Oh, I’ve got fifteen more—
A Scotch highball I’ll buy—they’he immts !”
—Life.
THE DREAM THAT CAME TRUE.
First Student—Do you believe in dreams?
Second Student—Indeed I do. I dreamt
last night I was going to cut chapel, and I
woke up at ten o’clock.—Princeton Tiger.

HIS ONLY KNOWLEDGE.

“Where is the Board of Health?” inquired
the stranger who had been wandering aim-
lessly about the City Hall.

“I can tell you where it isn’t,” replied the
dyspeptic-looking man.

“Eh?”

“Tt isn’t at Mrs. Starvem’s. I know that
much, because that’s where I board.”—Phila-
delphia Ledger.

Chicago theatre-goers are complaining be-
cause Lillian Russell appears in men’s attire.
They miss the Russell of her skirts——Home
News,

HIS ONE THOUGHT.
I want to be an athlete,
And with the athletes stand;
A bump upon my forehead,
And cuts upon my hand.
Then, when before the grand stand,
Where mama sits in fright,
I'll do my stunts terriific
And scare her out of sight.
J.D
The New York Telegraph has invented a
new household motto for the Mormons: “One
good wife deserves another.” The up-to-date
reading of the old motto in Mormon Smoot’s
house is said to be: “What is home without
another ?”’—Home News.

HER IDEA OF IT.
Mrs. Noorich—That picture’s one of the old
masters’.
Norah (the new maid)—Well, it can’t be
of any value, ma’am, or sure he’d ’av’ taken it
wid him when he moved.—Harper’s Magazine.

“Dat way.”

The Way They Went.—There was no doubt
of it; Mr. Hunter had lost the “field.” He had
searched for his companion fox hunters long,
but vainly, and now he was reduced to asking
the aid of a chubby little lad of three, whom he
met in a lane.

“Hallo, Johnny! Which way did the hounds
go?” he queried.

“Johnny” sucked a finger and dropped his
gaze.

“Come,” coaxed Mr. Hunter, “don’t be
afraid; here’s a penny for you. Now, tell me,
what way did the hounds go?”

The youngster took the coin and then fell
upon all fours and “bow-wowed.”

“Dat way,” he said, shyly—London An-
swers.

OFTEN TRUE.

Mrs. Muggins—I don’t like the expression
of her mouth.

Mrs. Buggins—And I don’t like the expres-
sions of her tongue—Philadelphia Record.
 

IV THE ARGO.

Miss Oldgirl—Will I marry the man of my
choice?

Fortune Teller—Yes, but, make no mistake ;
the cards say you will have but one choice.—
Puck,

Dr. P.: “Who wrote the ‘Idyls of the
King?”

P—e: “Er-er—Shakespeare!”

Dr. P.: “Well, did he write anything else
as good as this?”

P—e (after due deliberation): “I don’t
think he did!”

THE COLLEGE WIDOW’S LAY.

And now I’ve passed life’s first fresh bloom,
My years have numbered twenty and five,
With no sign yet of a prospective bridegroom,

I think I’d rather be dead than alive.
—Selected.

SPECIAL OR PREFERRED.

A man once berated his Hebrew debtor for
not having included him among his preferred
creditors. “But I makes you a speshul cred-
itor,” was the answer. “A special creditor!
What’s that?” “Vy, a speshul creditor, mine
friend, knows now that he gets nothings. The
preferred, he von’t know that for three years.
Time ist money—ain’t it?’—Everybody’s
Magazine.

IF!
For years she heard her husband say

“Can’t we have pies like mother used to

bake?”
At last she cried, “Why, sure we can,
If you make dough like papa used to make.”
—Chaparral.

 

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these

    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 

firms.

PAGE
W. H. Cooper, Shoes......-- aaeiates os easecerays week
Times Publishing Co .....ceceeeeeee eeeeeeeree I

Harding & Mansfield, Shoes.
Pp. J. Young Dry Goods Co.
T. C Hageman, Clothier....
Stewart’s Haberdashery

W. R. Reed, Stationery cesses reer eee eeee weekl
O. O. Stillman, Jeweler.........- we miele
I. S. Van Deveer, Photographer......-- +e ll

D. Cupoli & Co., Bootblack...

 
 

 
 
  
 

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by arevision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior _years.in Latin, Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy, Physics,
Chemistry and Biology.

L. Volkert, Tailor ........+ : old
Lyons & Parker, Clothiers ...... : well THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.
Jacob Weber, Tailor ......eeeeeeeerere ll

; is the New Jersey State Coll for the benefit of -
Randolph Studio .....seeeeeeeeeee Bstiereneuerare/ stove 7 Bene ne Mechenie Arts. ege for the benefit of Agricul
Bp. U. Tapken, Jeweler .....+-++ see . There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree
Pp. HU. Suydam, Grocer .....- eiviarecersieie -Ill in aclence, 6 ‘a aman
F. Bruns, Confectioner . sees 2 A Goursein Civil Engineering and Mechanics,
W. J. Seng, Shoes ....eseeeeeeeees ‘ 8 ‘A Course in Chemistry.
Graham & McCormick, Caterers... Il 4. A Course in Electricity.
New York Confectionery ....-..++++ seal 5. A Course in Biology.
Rutgers College ...-seeeeeeereeeeees eMesneet lV THE PLAN OF
Williams & Mettlar, Poultry NewS.....-+++++++ Vv COLLEGE EXTENSION.
Bissett, Drugs ...-ceeseeeeeeeeeee 616 86:6 6:8 W806 Vv has been nse Adaitisnal pouriee of lectures tn ae

" j ranches of science an literature are o
Cc. Tamm, Stationery = cece cece re reeererees acre 7 given throughout New Jersey, at auch “canes an mee
L. H. Leitheisor, Barber ...-..seeeeereeeeeeees arrange with the Secretary of the Extension Department,
Seiffert Bros., Stationery ....---++++ err ey ....V_ Prof, Louis Bevier, Jr. Ph D..
Hughes, Laundry ....----e+eees y adaie steernsteivia Vv z ope Gaitlornies and other information, address IRVING
, . N, Regis iH

W. J. McDede, Livery ....-..seeeeeerseeeeeees v AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.
Rutgers Preparatory School .......-- Siwiarearelereve VI

 

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.
THE ARGO. Vv

POULTRY NEWS Delicious Milk Shakes

25 CENTS A YEAR AND ICE CREAM

Illustrated, up-to-date, original, Has special eRe

departments for pigeons and bees. BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,
Published By

Agency for Huyler’s Candies,
WILLIAMS & METLAR,

 

i, Hn 18 General Chemist.
New Brunswick, New Jersey Cor. George and Washington Street
Food for Students. LOUIS LEITHEISER,

Good for their Brains and Muscles.

Barber and Hair Dresser

At TAMWN’S, Mheoe Se
Books, Stationery and Sporting Goods ne any ole
62 DENNIS STREET New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

GO TO.... AUGHES’ LAUNDRY,
SEIFRERT BROS. SOIGHURCH ST
For Stationery, Books, Photo and . ‘ ,
Sporting Goods. Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students,
50 DENNIS STREET. R. W, HUGHES, Proprietor.

 

 

 

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

 

 

When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

 

LN S TRU O DPORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

weeeeereee
were ee eeee

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

Instruct
MISS MARY GREGG, DS(LUCctors

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.

 
