VOL. XVI.—No. 2
NOVEMBER, 1904

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.
 

I THE ARGO.

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

Se Abe ae SP Ae
43 PATERSON ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

TIMES PUBLISMING COMPANY,

. 409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

& FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR- “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

9 Prace Sr. NEw BRUNSWICK.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,
wew stoos or — DRESS GOODS & SILKS ; SPs, Matus ans Rugs,

 

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. ; Linoleums and Oil Cloths.
SUITS AND JACKETS, LAD UHILDREN'S, os Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 7 (HURCH_srTReET,

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
THE ARGO. II
HAGEMAN’S
High Class Clothing and Furnishings

Stein-Bloch Clothing. : Knox Hats. Dent and Fownes Gloves.
Kaiser-Barethea Neckwear.

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

SLIEWART'S HAT STORE,

(Established 75 Years)

Caps, Drill Gloves and Furnishings.
CHURCH STREET, NO. 29.

‘THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

George and Paterson streets. Peace street and Commerce square,

 

 

{2 Tabard Inn Library station at our George street store.

Baw TA KEIN:

JEWELER.
may Hines oh Goel Se Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

Made to Order.

 

0. 0. STILLMAN, SVAN DERVEER
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN. Photographer

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins .
Made to Order, Oard Engraving and Wedding Special Rates to Frats and Classes.

Invitations. ;
45 CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.

 

LYONS & PARKER, L. VOLKERT,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc. Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.
THE ARCO.
—————

W. R. REED,

ERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIP LION.

RUT

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GEN

380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N, y,

NOW BOYS GO TO

Opposite Y.MCA. LOW ENSTEIN’S, 89 Church street

For your wares in Hats and Furnishings. Always new things to be had,

WILLIAM GAUB [4 ¥® comrLeTz Linz or......._

Dealer in All Kinds Of Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Meats and Sausages S H O E S
COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST. " =

New Brunswick, N. J.

=

AT LOWEST PRICES.

Jacob Weber, ite
MERGHANT - TAILOR, | WIfTTTAM J. SENC’S

417 George St.

Graham & McCormick,

Caterers and Confectioners
FANCY CAKE BAKERS geo
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPEOIALTY,
109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

Rutgers Prep. School

Shoe Stores.

 

Repairing Neatly Done.

ERNEST DEVER Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

TM,

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
 

ARE der ole

 

Vou. XVI.

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

<>

BOARD OF EDITORS:

FRANCIS MARMADUKE POTTER.
Editor-in-Chief.

 

OHARLES E. CORBIN, Alumniana.
ERDINAND 8. SCHENCK
ErRD R: Sy : {ews

PRACY $8. VOORHEK:
WILLIAM @ PACKARD,

S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
J. ED. ELMENDORS, Annex Notes.

EDWIN H. HALSTEAD.
SAMUEL B. VRO MAN, | Business Managers.

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents
All communications showid be addressed to the Editor-in-

Chief, R. P.8., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of tue school, students, and alumni are most

cordially invited to contribute.

It is a source of great pleasure and pride to
the school, that two of the graduates from the
class of 1904 have taken the Sloan Prizes
which are offered for the best entrance exam-
inations in the classical course of Rutgers Col-
lege. The school is greatly indebted to Mr.
Kilmer and Mr. Watson for representing them
so well, and setting us, humble undergradu-
ates, such an excellent, inspiring example. In
stating the offices which these two graduates
held when in this school, we neglected, in last
month’s issue, to mention that Mr. Kilmer was
president of the Class of ’04.

Now that these two prizes have both been

New Brunswick, N. J., NovEMBER, 1904.

No. 2

ken in one year by graduates of Rutgers
Prep., we hape that the ice is effectually brok-
en, and that, in the future, this pleasing event
will be of more frequent occurrence.

The students here, certainly have as good
and a better chance of securing these prizes
than those of other schools. We are in close
touch with the college, our Headmaster is one
of the faculty, and so we receive a thorough
preparation to enter the college course.

These prizes are not only valuable in a pe-
cuniary way, but also in that the student con-
tending for them is spurred on to study, and
to carefully look over subjects which he has
formerly studied and perhaps partially forgot-
ten, and he thus enters college with a full and
recent preparation in all the branches of the
classical course.

We look forward with confident expectation
to seeing many aspiring students of Rutgers
Prep. follow in the footsteps of Mr. Kilmerand
Mr. Watson, and benefit themselves and con-
fer honor on their Alma Mater by securing
these Sloan prizes.

 

Our foot-ball team this year has started out
after the usual fashion of Prep. School teams
to clear everything before it. “The line before
them breaks and runs, they know that they
must yield.” Somerville A. A. has been de-
feated, and the Hudson River M. A. has fallen
before her victorious arms; but in the Y. M.
C. A. of our own town we “struck a snag,”
but succeeded in tieing the score.

As the old proverb runs “well begun is half
done,” and following out the thought of this,
there is every reason to hope that out team
will keep on in the way that it has begun, and
cover itself with “dirt” and glory.
THE ARCO.

12

ALUMNIANA.

Hude Nelson, ’99, is studying law at the
Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Mass.

William E. McMahon, ’96, has been ap-
pointed manager of the N. Y. and N. J. Tele-
phone Company, covering the Washington, D.
C., district.

D. Fisher, ’04, has been elected President of
the Freshman Class in Rutgers College.

¢. C. Mook, ’04, is in business in New York.

R. €. Nicholas, ’92, is to marry Miss Rob-
érta Johnson, of this city, Wednesday, Nov. 9.

Martin L. Schenck, ’oo, Rutgers, ’04, who,
while in College was one of its most powerful
orators, is studying law at the Columbia Law
School, and, at the same time, making stump
speeches for the Republican party.

Robert A. Fordyce, and Thayer Martin, for-
mer students of this school, having distin-
guished themselves in the State Legislature in
the past year, have been re-elected on the Re-
publican ticket.

Sanger Carleton, ’or, called at the Trap late-
ly. Carleton is now in the varnish business.

E. Rapalje, ’96, was married to Miss F. R.
Corbin at Oxford, N. Y., on October 25th. Dr.

and Mrs. Payson, and C. Corbin, from the ©

Trap attended the wedding. Rapalje holds an
important position as manager of a large
manufacturing establishment in Cronley,
North Carolina.

Nathan T. Benedict, ’99, has gone to Flor-
ida for his haelth.

Willam B. Wyckoff, ’98, and Mrs. Wyckoff
have returned from their wedding trip, and
are now residing at Roseville, N. J.

The engagement of J. Jervis Vail, ’94, to
Miss Evelyn Bauman, of Rahway, has been
announced.

Garthwaite, ex-’o7, is in the banking busi-
ness in New York,

 

A PILGRIMAGE TO AND FROM
DAKOTA.
(CONTINUED. )
“I wish there were time to speak at length
of that, to me, strange land of Dakota; of its

black, rich soil, so fertile that a white clover
lawn mowed one morning puts forth its blos-
soms the next; of its long, light summer eyen-
ings, when one can see to read until towards
nine o’clock of its stretches of desolate prarie
land; its poverty-stricken rivers which here
we would scarcely think worth naming; of its
tremendous thunder storms where flash fol-
lows flash so closely that at night a lamp is
scarcely needed; its shabby little low housed
towns, with their many liquor saloons and the
unkempt lawless looking men who cluster
about them, and many other things which I
noted there; but it is impossible now to enter
into further description of these things.

“Nothing worthy occurred during my visit,
except that I was once set upon by a savage
dog and but for the timely appearance of my
brother, my little niece and I might have suf-
fered serious hurt.

The hour came when I must say goodbye
and I set forth with a heavy heart. For eighty
miles my mother travelled with me, and we
stopped at Casselton to visit a friend there.
The next night I left Casselton and here bes
gins the diary again:

“Thinking we have plenty of time to catch
the train (I had bought sleeper ticket on my
arrival), we rather loiter on the way to station
and as we arrive a train is just starting.
I am pushed aboard after it had begun to
move, forgetting, in the hurry and pain of
parting from friends, to take trunk check
from my cousin: my head goes down on the
back of the seat and tears come. When the
conductor touches me on the shoulder I fum-
ble blindly around for my ticket without rais-
ing my head. He takes the ticket, punches it
and hands it back, although if he looks at it
at all he must know that something is wrong.
Before he comes in again some chance remark
of a near-by passenger has given me the awful
idea that I am on the wrong train, and this
suspicion becomes definite knowledge when
the conductor returns. ‘Then begins a series
of wild inquiries of passengers and conduc-
tor, none of whom seem to know anything,
THE ‘ARGO.

except that I am ina bad dilemma, with no ap-

arent means of escape. Finally the conduc-
i whom I alternately scold and cajole, after
consulting some one in another car, tells me
to leave the car at Fargo, take a stage across
the town to another station, where, if Iam in
time, I may connect with the train I should
have taken. I do this, in the meanwhile has-
tily mailing a note to Casselton. At the sta-
tion where I expect to catch my own train I
am directed by the ticket agent to the wrong
one again, but, as I board it, meet some new
acquaintances made in Larrimore, and before
the train starts am re-directed and somehow,
someway, I at last find that train which I
should have taken in Casselton, which was
later than the one I did take, and am at last
faced about in the proper direction. It is late
in the evening and the porter not finding me
on the train has re-sold my berth but gets me
another. He has, oh joy—my trunk check,
and that adjunct of mine is now aboard. I go
to bed and actually sleep till morning when I
wake up in Minneapolis. Here, after break-
fasting, I go to the baggage room and inter-
view the baggage-master. The conductor had
told me that all baggage was transferred from
my train to another in Minneapolis and that
I would probably find my trunk here—not so,
however; it had gone on to St. Paul. I pay
the baggage master a dollar to telegraph and
hold my trunk in St. Paul till I catch up with
it. Does anybody believe he did it? When
; after a few hours’ visit at a friend’s house in
Minneapolis I reach the St. Paul station, my,
trunk has gaily careened back to Minneapolis,
and for five long hours I sit in that immense
- Station with the ear-splitting voice of the train
announcer ringing in my ears.

During my long wait I have made many
inquiries of different officials as to my most

direct route to Tampico, Ill. The baggage
man examines my ticket and says he thinks it
' is all wrong and that I should buy a new one.
" In great agitation I consult ticket agent, who
_ Says I am all right as regards ticket. (This

13
I have noted in my diary as being the first
thing right since I started.) .

Savannah seems to be the next point where
I. change,. and I mean to draw several long
breaths before reaching there.

When at last my trunk arrives (which
seems one of the nineteenth century miracles
just now), and the hour for my train also, I
start for one of the gates; am directed to an-
other; at that am told my train is not yet
made up and sent back to waiting room; con-
sult official there who says my train is made
up, and takes me back; here gateman says I
never told him I wanted to go to Savannah,
which is no prevarication but a direct lie. I
go through gate and ask again to be directed
to Savannah train. Man points over about a
dozen tracks and I start; half way across I
am met by another uniformed person who
takes me back and puts me on Savannah
train. Thank heaven, these officials are not
all lunatics.

This is the sleeper and there is a dreadful
bed-buggy smell about, but I will not fore-
cast the fututre any more. “That way mad-
ness lies.”

Evidently the night was uneventful, for the
next. chronicle begins with the morning:

Another scare this Thursday morning. Can-
not find my pocketbook until I am fully dress-
ed when it drops out from the folds of my
dress—more palpitations and wild scrambling
about until it is found.

We travel all this morning beside the Mis-
sissippi—scenery lovely. I see a new species
of water lily here of which I never knew be-
fore. It is large, single, pale yellow, and
stands about a foot above surface of water.
At Sabula Junction there are quantities for
sale. «

We cross a long trestle work over marshy
land, and then go over this sluggish, mdudy,
mighty river, and on again towards Savan-
nah. Here I am told by a passenger that I
must cross the town by stage and take a
freight car if I wish to reach Tampico.

In all my journeys thus far no being have I
THE ARGO.

14
£ Tampico or who can
locate any route to it. Thus far I have simply
pointed to the proper state. The ticket ee
says I can either go to Port Byron or Rock s-
land—makes no difference which. I -hesitate

met who ever heard o

and am lost.
some one, somewhere, saying Rock Island to

me before, and this turns the scales in the
wrong direction. I get ticket to that plave;
train is just leaving, but they wait till my
trunk‘and my unhappy self are put aboard—
unhappy self, indeed! I show ticket when
conductor comes in and state my destination.
He also expresses ignorance as to locality of
Tampico; but says he will find out. Two sta-
tiong are passed before he comes in and tells
me I am on Wrong"train and must get off. He
does not return’ ticket, however; or refund any
of the price, did 1,"poor Wwrétk, don’t think of
it—I'am flow in a state bordering of despera-
tion. Get off at next-8top, hire cab to tuke’ me
to another station, and am told here that I
must wait till 12.55. It is now about ten
o’clock. I buy another ticket and re-check my
trunk, which seems to have more sense than
I, in that it sometimes reaches the right place
in the right way.

I wander about station a little and am fin-
ally directed to what the agent assures me is
the best hotel in the town. Forbidding look-
ing place outside—inside corresponds—off-
cious landlady fans me and asks questions at
the same time. I ought to love her for she is
sympathetic and says I don’t look well—
strange! when I feel as if I had been flayed
alive within the past two davs!

I ask for a room and lie down, hoping for
“forty winks” and a warding off of another
. sick headache. Just as I begin a-dreaming
there comes a thundering knock on the door
~“and dinner is announced. I feel too sick to
eat, but go down, swallow some tea and then
betake me to the station fearing to be late for
the train. Late! I almost wish I were. With
aching head and sweltering body I sit in the
wh man eG The age

y interest in me and says I

I have a vague recollection of :

ought to have a stop-over ticket—feargs I will
have trouble when I come back to take the
train for Chicago.. I hear with a sinking heart
that I must come back to this place when [
finally make my last start for home. Never
was in a town I had less affection for than
this. (Here was another mistake—these tick-
et agents do make a few. I never saw the
piace again.)

{ am pointed to a train standing out in the
fields apparently, and told to go and get on it
and I do. I ama poor lone lorn old lady lens
in the wilds of Illinois and about to take my
first trip on the caboose of a freight train, The
car is fairly comfortable and entirely empty,
and I await the time of starting with such par
tience as remains to me.- This soon arrives,
but the train stops about every ten minutes to
load or unlcad freight O, you, who never
rode upon a freight trains-you know not how
it stops. The first time, I did not stop when
the train did, but landed on my knees on the
floor a second afterwards. For there is no
gentle slackening of speed, no careful adjust,
ment of brakes. As they couple cars, one
meets the other much as one belligerent goat
meets another. At any rate, it’s sudden.

Passengers come and go; train hands get
on and off—time passes—it is six o’clock be-
fore that ride of twenty miles is accomplished,
and I find Tampico. There really is such a
place after all, and I am here.

A short ride and a pleasant welcome await
me. A largé cool room and soft bed yield
the first bodily comfort I have known since
leaving Casselton.

(The resteof this journey was uneventful,
and that Ishave survived it for twelve years
speaks well, it seems to me, for my constitu:
tion.)

(THE END.)

A COMPARISON AND A WARNING.
Perhaps no two nations of history furnish
more points of similarity than do the Empire
of Russia and the Ancient Empire of Persia.
Both were once obscure and semi-barbarous
THE ARGo,

peoples, hiddén away in dark corners of the
earth. Then, by craft and conquest, both, in

the course of centuries, spread their dominions
far and wide.

The Persians, once a subject Tace, over-

came their conquerors and slowly working
westward, subdued the nations in their path,
until, when history begins to tell about. them,
they had become the great world empire o/
their day. So the Russians. Until the mid-
dle of the sixteenth century Russia was almost
unheard of. Since then its “grab” policy,
‘working through conquest and cunning crafti-
ness, has spread its dominions far to the!south
and west, so that the mightv empire stretches
unbroken over the great continent and ter-
minates in the water of the Pacific.

But the Persian in his pride, went too far,
When, though lord and despot over some 3-
000,000 square miles of territory, he ventured
to cast his covetous éyes across the Aagean, he
belield there Greece, fair, prosperous and in-
dependent. It irritated him exceedingly to
sée this little nation free from his tyranny. Be-
sides, forsooth, it stood in the way of his
manifest destiny of becoming lord of the whole
earth. So he resolved to wipe that aggravat-
ing little people off the face of the earth.

After a like fashion thought Russia. Inter.
rupted in her pretentious dreams by an insig-

- nificant little people standing in her way, she

determines to be rid of them to exterminate
them if necessary.

Behold the results in each case. But first
let us consider the parallel resources of Rus
sia and Persia,

The Persian monarchy was an absolute ty.
ranny built up on the backs of millions of
slaves. There was no “people.” The spirit
of the masses was crushed under the all-pow-
erful despotism of the King and his satraps.
The Great King—for so he was called even by
his enemies—had at his command a vast army
and many ships. ‘The great military principle
of the Persians was to crush the enemy by
sheer force of numbers. Xenophon, who had
800d reason to know the strength and weak-

1§
Ness of the Perc} <mpi i
2 €rsian Empire, thus briefly puts

: To one directing his attention t
King’s government,

© it, the
Sively,

_ Could anything more exactly describe the
situation of Russia in her struggle with Japan
to-day? Strong indeed in her millions o
the question has been how to convey them fast
enough across the thousands of miles of Si-
berian wastes. She has a great fleet that can-
not be used where needed, but must be kept
Over on the other side of the world to guard
her borders there. And in so far as her gov>
ernment and the condition of her People is
converned, Russia here also Closely resembles
Persia of old. ,

f men,

And just as the Persians met in conflict
with a people weaker in numbers,
er in brains, in courage, and in the
of the individual soldiers,
her match in the brave an
ese soldier.

but strong-
superiority
so Russia has met
d intelligent Japan-

Lordly Persia had to acknowledge defeat
at the hands of the resolute Greeks. Perhaps
it will not be so in the case of Russia. Per-
haps her superior numbers and power will
crush the bravery and skill of the Japanese.
But the principle will be the same in this case
as in that of old. It is a conflict of despotism
against democracy, darkness ‘versus enlight-
enment. And whether Russia wins or loses,
the advance of her ambition will have been

checked as were the greedy designs of Xerxes
and Darius.

Thus History repeats herself that men may
learn her lessons. But men do not seem to
see; they cannot seem to understand and the
nations of to-day go on striving to add to their
territories by any and all means and call this
short-sighted greediness, “the natural senti-
ment of empire.”

And does it not seem that our own country
also is going the way of all the earth and

aN
a

ee ey eer

—wreeTun hme os
* 16

seeking, with her Texas, her Hawaii, and her
Philippines, to dig for herself a grave in. for-
eign soil, by means of the same policy that
buried her dishonored predecessors? 1”

Let us hope, that from Persia, from Greece
itself, from Rome, and: from Spain, our -na-
tion may learn that wide-extending territories
and millions of citizens and soldiers are not
a cause of national strength but of national

decay. L. RN.

FOOTBALL SCHEDULE.

November 5th, Plainfield H. S. at Plain-
field.

November. 12th, Polytechnic Prep. at
Brooklyn.

November 19th, Bordentown, M. I. at Bor-
dentown.

RUTGERS PREP. 12,
H.R. M. A., 6.

On Oct. 14 our team journeyed to Nyack
and defeated the team of Hudson River Mili-
tary Academy by a score of 12 to 6.

The game was interesting and hotly. con-
tested throughout,. although. the Prep. School
fellows showed the best team work.

The Prep. School kicked off and soon se-
cured the ball by holding the H. R. M. A. for
downs. Then, by line plunges, they steadily
carried the ball down. the field and over the
line for the first touchdown. Andreae kicked
the goal, making the score 6 to o in favor of
Prep.

Hudson River M. A..then kicked off to
Prep., and securing the ball on a fumble they
rushed it down the field and across the line
for a touchdown. The goal was kicked, thus
tieing the score. Time was then called and
the first half ended with the score 6 to 6.

' . With the score tied the second half began

with. great excitement, and the Prep. boys
went in determined to win... By several long
runs, and hard bucking of the line, they suc-
ceeded. in making another touchdown. -An-

“THE ARGO.

dreae again succeeded in sending.-the ball over
the bar.

Only a few minutes being left in which to
play, neither team scored, and the game ended
with Rutgers Prep. winning by a score of 12
to 6.

‘The line-up was as follows:

He Rei M. A. RoCHP:S.
Rigt End is
JUdge . 2. cc evccceeecececccccens Matzke
Right Tackle.
Gampbell ... cig oe bce 5 ads cans ees Cox
Right Guard
SHyishiidit cscdecictescispareraidie Ges ornitieei arose eit Allgair
! 2 Centre.
SAWYET Ug 2b corso cosdc5 siere odisjue e'shn 's Voorhees
reg Left. Guard.
Gtoverial. scits.inceeels exes aes eee se Allen
eet  sdveft Tackle.
BiegWhitehead sntcas25355 saa tec ette ocSeies Case
‘ - Left: End.
EVA IIES 5 8.5.5 eierd SiehornForefsiolegevene e-eitia® Hancock
Quarterback.
J. Randolphij: Jiisds sss. o:e:s sisisre's S. Nicholas
Right Halfback.
J: Randolph, ‘(capt.) ......... C. Nicholas
Left. Halfback.
Biischman: sas cgecestes cas ceies ae Andreae
Fullback.
Bey AM oo:5:0.e.Siai sue alae late Pecciatajen Corbin, (capt.)

Touchdowns, Corbin, C. Nicholas and J. Ran-

dolph. Referee, -E. H. Riedel; Umpire,
Smith. Timekeepers, Kirkpatrick and Bur-
rows.

RUTGERS PREP. vs. Y. M. C. A.
OF NEW BRUNSWICK

The Prep. team played the third game of
the season, October 29, with the local Y. M.
CA,

-The game was opened by Prep’s. kicking
off to the Y. M. C. A. The ball was fumbled
and the Prep. boys securing it, rushed it down
the, field, and» made a touchdown. The goal
was: missed.

Prep. School again kicked off and the ball

 
THE ARCO.

in fumbled. This time Matzke fell on
was = y. M. C. A. got the ball on another
it. a bist lot it again on down. Captain
ee tore through centre for fifteen yards
a by liard work they pushed it to the Y. M,
rer! ten yard line, but there it was lost on
pire The half ended shortly afterwards

th the ball in Y. M. C. A’s territory.

Taf the intermission Prep. received the
kick off, but lost the ball on downs, when it
was on her fifteen yard line. The Y. M. CG
A. could not gain, however, and Corbin punt-
ed out of danger. Prep. regainéd the ball and
S, Nicholas made a twenty yard run, followed
py another twenty by Case. Then the ball was
lost, but the Y. M. C. A. was forced to punt.
The punt was fumbled and a Y. M. C. A. man
picked up the ball and made a touchdown,
They failed to kick the goal.

S, Nicholas ran the next kick-off back past
the centre of the field and both Matzke and
Case made good gains, and the ball was
brought to the Y. M. C. A.’s ten yard line, but
here it was lost. Shortly after, Van Winkle
got the ball on a fumble and ran it forty yards.
The run was disputed however, on the ground
that the ball had been stolen, and it was finally
taken back. ‘Time was called soon after this
with the ball in the centre of the field, and the
score 5 to 5.

There were frequent disputes all through
the game and a good deal of fumbling. Cap-
tain Corbin, Andreae, the Nicholas brothers
and Case deserve especial mention for their
good work in this game.

The line-up was as follows:

Y.M.C. A. ROCSP:S.
Right End
Marks: iad drei doneeee veterans Matzke
Right Tackle
De Harts av oss schon oe es Allen
Right Guard
MCHIOSSED tet thoy caencbascnelbsiawstor eeaee Allgair
Centre.
Loblein

J. Voorhees

17
Left Guard,
Me Callum ...,..
8 EC RW. i936! 0'eis aes Sees Cox
Left Tack
Robinson rots aad :
Tale iSercie wate teeeee Case
Left End a
Dotinélly, (Capt) pane 22 Andr
sfersteieyarcsa eae
: Quarterback.
oylahi ......, Het ane vee ew yee S. Nicholas
Right Halfback.
M. Taylor (Smith) ats nase C. Nicholas
Left Halfback,
R. Taylor gisesec eA se ceutien C. Corbin
Fullback,
Board tcc pstute acces +». Van Winkle
eae

LANE PRIZES.

On October 7th, the first round of speaking
began. There are many promising orators in
the school this year, and there should be a hot
contest for the Lane Prizes. ‘These prizes
of ten and five dollars respectively are award-
ed to the two students who deliver the best
speeches at a contest which is held some time
in the latter part of the school year. Usually
about eight or ten speakers are entered in this
contest.

All the scholars in the third and fourth
forms speak several times during the year,
and those who receive the highest averages in
speaking are entitled to a place in the Lane
Prize Contest.

The prizes were taken last year by Mr.
Garthwaite and Mr. Devan. Mr. Garthwaite,
we regret to say, did not return to school this
fall, but Mr. Devan is still with us.

These prizes do great good, by stimulating
the students to speak their very best. Now
that the Presidential campaign is on, we real-
ize the value of being able to speak fluently.

The school is greatly indebted to the es-
tablisher of these prizes, Mr. Lane.
THE ARCO.

is
’05 CLASS MEETING.

For the last week the class of ‘05 has been
holding stormy meetings nearly every recess
in Prof. Riedell’s room. At the first meeting,
Mr. McFadden was appointed temporary
‘chairman. Messrs. Vrooman and Halstead
were nominated for President of the Class,
and Mr. Vrooman was elected and took the
chair. Yielding to the general cry of speech!
speech! he expressed his appreciation of the
honor conferred upon him in a few words.

Just as the names of the nominees for
Vice President were being put on the board,
the bell put an end to our transactions, and
the meeting was adjourned until next day,
Messr. Allen, Kirkpatrick and Hodgson were
then put up. The votes between Allen and
Kirkpatrick were a tie, and it took so long to
decide who should then cast the deciding vote
that the school bell again broke in upon our
deliberations.

The next day, the votes were again cast for
Vice President and Mr. Allen was elected.

It has been decided to unite the offices of
Secretary and Treasurer, but the position has
not yet been filled.

REPUBLICAN MEETING.

Those in the school who uphold the Re-
publican principles, met in Prof. Mills’ room,
Wednesday, November 2 and decided to en-
ter in a body the Republican parade which is
to come off Friday night, November 4th.

Mr. MacFadden was elected President of
this Republican Club. A committee of five
were appointed to make all necessary arrange-
ments. On this committee were Messrs. Vroo-
man, Halstead, Marks, Packard and Voor-
hees. Mr. Devan was delegated to lead the
cheering.

All those taking part in the parade were
requested to wear white gloves and a skull
cap and to carry campaign canes. Mr. Mace

Fadden was chosen commander-in-chief of
the army.

EXCHANGES.

The Apokeepsian might make the accounts
of its foot-ball games more complete and
more interesting, by giving the line-up of
both teams.

The Register is one of our best exchanges,
Its exchange column contains the very cream
of jokes. In the September number of this
paper there was a very well written life of
William McKinley. ;

The Iris is up to its old standard of excel-
lence.

Question—Why is a love letter like a lazy
dog?

Answer—A love letter is an ink-lined plane.
An inclined plane is a slope up. A slow pup.
is a lazy dog.—Ex.

He loved his Dinah dearly,

And he sighed to her one night,
“Dinah, could you love me?”

And she whispered, “Dinah might.”

They were married in the autumn;
When she blows him up at night,

He realizes what she meant

When she whispered “Dynamite.”—Ex.

“Does your barber talk much?” “Yes, and
he illustrates his stories with cuts.”—Ex.

Prof. (entering the dormitory )—‘‘What are
you doing out of bed at this time, Murphy?”
Murphy—“O, sor, I got up to tuck myself
in.”—Ex,

Mary had a little lamb,
She fed it kerosene;

One day it went too near the fire
Since then it’s not benzine—Ex.

We wish to acknowledge the receipt of the
following exchanges:

The News, The Register, The Apokeep-
sian, The Amulet, The Echo, The Bulkeley
News, The Walking Leaf, The Cutler Fort-
nightly, The Jayhawker, The Triangle, The
Poly Prep., The Iris, The Latin and High
THE ARGO,

The Lealonian, The Legenda,

view
chool Re " Breeze and The Red and

The Seminary

Blacks
oes

ANNEX NOTES.
The Story of the Willow Pattern. —

than two hundred years ago, the
hants brought over from China a

More
Duteh merc
great many fine tea sets.

Among these was @ set called the Willow
Pattern, with dark blue figures on a bluish
white ground. On the right of the picture, in
the garden by the side of a river, is a Chinese
house. In front of the house: is a tea pavilion
to show the wealth of the Mandarin. Behind
the house is the gardner’s cottage. This
shows that the gardner is poor and humble. In
a small house on an island in the river lives
the gardner’s mother. In the garden is a
mulberry tree and spanning the river is a
bridge. On the bridge are standing the gard-
ener and the Mandarin’s daughter, and be-
hind them is the Mandarin himself with a long
whip. Last of all is a willow tree and in the
air a pair of turtle doves with joined beaks.

Around the estate is a high bamboo fence.
The story of all this is as follows:

Long ago when the moon was young, there
lived a lordly Mandarin who had an only
daughter, called Li-Chi, who was very beau-
tiful. Her father wanted her to marry some
rich man like himself. The gardener, whose
name was Chang, was very handsome and as
Li Chi was looking out of her window she
saw Chang and at once fell in love with him.
She threw a sweetmeat down to him. He
climbed up the lattice and gave her a rose in
return,

That night when he went home he told his
a He bewailed his ill luck, saying that
ie he was only a humble gardener he
sa seca hope to marry Li Chi. But his
- oh = O was a shrewd woman, told him

> Pluck up courage for Li Chi might yet be

1s wife,

Chang’s mother reared silk worms for the

19.

 

A CARD TO YOUNG MEN.

We solicit an inspection of new arrivals in
Suits and Overcoats, confident that they will
make an impression upon every young man
who makes dress more or less of a study.

When you see how nicely the garment fits
and observe the shapliness of the shoulders;
collar and lapels, you will give us credit fot
sincerity in the claims we have made.

Trenton Store, ee

7 S. Broad St. Outfitters.
IV
Mandarin’s daughter. The next time she
took the silk to Li Chi she told her that Chang
loved her. A plan was made whereby they
were to run away at night. Li Chi promised
to bring a box of her father’s finest gold and
jewels.

At last the time came and true to her word
she brought the gold. They carried it sus-

pended on a stout bamboo pole. As they
were going over the bridge the Mandarin
awoke. He came with a long whip and took
Chang by the pigtail and whipped him until
he was senseless; then he threw him into the
river where he sank. Li Chi, seeing her lov-
er’s fate, sprang into the river and was drown-
ed with him. Strange to say a willow tree
sprang up as if by magic. After a few days
a pair of turtle doves came and built theix
nest in the tree. The souls of the unfortunate
lovers had taken the shape of the doves.

THE ARCO.

WALL'S
SUITS

Are the standard for style and quality and his
establishment is the largest of its kind in Cen-

tral New Jersey.

Uniforms a specialty.

John © Wall,

115 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Long Distance Wire.

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these

firms.

PAGE
Paul F. Williams, Real Hstate.......6 seeeeeeeeel
Times Publishing Co ........+. aieciane Saad
Harding & Mansfield, Shoes..... ir

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
      
      
  
 
  
  
 
 
 

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co.....
T. C. Hageman, Clothier........
Stewart’s Haberdashery ...
Rust’s Drug Store
B. U. Tapken, Jeweler ...

Lyons & Parker, Clothiers ....
I. S. Van Deveer, Paotographer..

  

L, Volkert, Tailor ...... ackl
W. R. Reed, Stationery ... «JI
Loewenstein’s Furnishings voll
William Gaub, Butcher ..... . LIL
Jacob Weber, Tailor ...... «LIT
Ernest Dever ........ fare OSetere eK etate ATL
Graham & McCormick, Caterers.. sol
W. J. Seng, Shoes .........0.0000 oo ll

A. Wolfson’s Sons
John P. Wall ....

Rutgers College ... wel.
Bissett, Drugs ..... a.mein-v.ae rove
C. Tamm, Stationery ...... nV
Seiffert Bros., Stationery .. ee
L. H. Leitheiser, Barber .. ce
W. J. McDede, Livery ...... .V
Rutgers Preparatory School ........... soene VE

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities ror Elective Courses throughout the
unior and Senior years in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.
In this Department, on the completion of the “full four
yeasts requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
he degree of 4. B.
(m the completion of the full four years’ requirements
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State Coll for th fit of icul-
ture and ahs Mechanic Arts. ee eee
n ths Department there are six full courses, each
leading to the first degree in science, B, Sc. ~
A Course in Agriculture.
A Course in Civil Engineering and Mechanics,
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.
A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does
not ad ~ . degree,
‘or catalogues and other inf Ms IRVING
SJUPEON Hee n ‘ormation, address IRVING
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

errs

 
THE ARGO,

gISSET’S DRUG groRE

Y will find us at 420 George street after November Ist.
ou

Ss

We can supply you when in need of

Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs,
Soda and Milk Shakes,

GHA Ss. T AMM, BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER,

376 George street.
plete stock of College and Sporting Goods and Home P
: ‘om!
Carries a ©

lies, as well as for Home, Society ee in stock
ae shortest notice.
eee use.
an

i d Sweaters
i es, Punching Bags, Jerseys an ;
Footballs, ee Clubs. McFadden’s Exercisers,

Brushes
prugs;

astimes of every
and to order at

Dumbells and Swinginz

 

 

a LOUIS LEITHEISER,
O.-+>- :
S gnIbFERT BROS. Barber and Hair Dresser
Stationery, | Books, Photo and 117 Albany St,
= sf pace New Brunswick, New Jersey.
DENNIS .
50

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

 

tomobile Station
r tables and Au
Crand Central Sta

ention The Argo.
izing our advertisers, please do not neglect to m
When patronizing
 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

 

 

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M,, Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, French and History.

tose eeee
recess sen
Tree ee esse

Set

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, | rnstructor

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

Nzw Bronswiog, N. J.

 
