 

Vol. I. es —+—$ I — +35 No. 5.

RutgorsG@ollege (Grammar School, fh

April 1, 1890.

* The Gymnasium Question
:

{x A CONGENGS.
fs /
a

oe fg © «gf The Gymnasium Question, :......c...ccccccu secs 33
f Our Exchanges.........ccccececeeeereeeecencecs 33

: VV “The Good Old Days,"...........cccececececeees 33
Fi The Romance of a Student..............000c000e 34
/ Oly Porat cacamlss txneatetneaeas cetseacack 36

VY. M.C. A, Note ctwigte’s shed cobweb ckeecse 37

Eiy Memorigin, coy paicaic Sutinelencttaw Set hee ese es 38

POTSONSS 5 sicsinain viet osoeind onqeaticn we-wewesiccnicnis 39

CHIPE asin Sane nis on dials wake hes sees oe 39

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. 1
FrReponian Pupiisuix. Company's Printinc House.

1890.

 
J.e@S.e@eSTEWART,B*

Fall 7*89—"90 -W inter.
Eters: Neckwear.
For Young Men a special feature. Elegant Silks, Newest Shapes.

IN] 4 ‘) qT 7 Largest assortinent, lowest prices.
dL VIN VV Gol = Fall Dress Gloves, Shirts, Ties, Scarfs, Collars, Cuffs and Jewelry.

THE FREDONIAN a# RUTGERS #
x Printing Establishment3 PHARMACY,

aa 39 ’ 7 - ; Opposite Rutgers College
7 ‘ iq wr Rp Gaetintee BLT ;
( 0 and ( 2 Dennis St, Ne W BI unsW IOK, N, oF Grammar School,

 

Unequaled facilities for FIRST CLASS PRINTING. New EDW, D, PALMER
Type and New Presses. cm, ;
Druggist.

THE FREDONIAN PUBLISHING COMPANY. -

- Ow pr
mas moe | THOS*KA
JAS. P. SMIT WM. E. EDMONDS. iS. © \ ;

SMITH & EDMONDS,
Matters and Men's Qutfitters;< Pisnos, Orguns,

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts , New Brunswick,

Opposite National and People’s Banks.

Tie Best PENS ;

IN THE ESSENTIALS OF

EVENNESS OF POINT,

CORNELIUS HOAGLAND,
(Successor to Hoagland & Howell.) |
Reliable SHOES

at Lowest Cash Prices. ATHLETIC SHOES of all
kinds. You should see our Canvass Shoes at $1.00,
5 a

— ° SHEET sk MUSIC,

    

41 Church Street,

S67 Church Strect, DURABILITY, ~ New Brusswick, N. J.
Opp. People's National Bank. WORKMANSHIP, :

: —— — | See Selected Wa. BROWER. J. J. Bonney.

I WILSON | AN Samples
rapes ti Wh Ea | seat for trail] WM, BROWER & CO,,

rein & Domestic Fruits yin, SCASON, | POSTPAID, ac iaias a
oe = cnc orocs.|| Mntistig Lailers,
Vegetables, Canned Goods, Fancy Gro- | IVIS0 BLAK ei

erie, aah flsoCul: lowers,” «4 Ce ua tile Mason'c Hall, Room &, 118 A’bany Sty,
57 CHURCH STREET. | y HEWAVORK. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Any kind of a suit or fabric you may fancy is apt to be here,
besides kinds that you are unacquainted with but ought to know.
$18 to $30 is about our range of prices for rightly made suits and
the more critical you are the more we enjoy serving you. We
can trust our garments to win their way with people who know a
good thing.

ROGERS, PEET & CO..,

THREE _) Prixer, i .
BROADWAY - Warnes, \ d\A\7 7 \nlz
STORES. ) 32n Sr., New Ork,

 

  
 

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

RUTGERS COLLEGE GRAMMAR SCHOOL,

Vou. I. New Brunswick, N. J., Apnrry 1, 1890,

No. 5.

   

BOARD OF EDITroRs:
J. H. THOMPSON, ’90,
Senior Editor,
F. C. VAN DYCK, Jn., '90,
Associate Editors,
L. LAWRENCE, '®, Business Manager,

P. C. THOMAS, "90,

 

seme
One copy, one year, fifty cents.” ;
All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
J. H. Tuomrson, New Brunswick, N. J.,and must be accompanied
with the name of the author.

 

 

PETITION has been received by the head
master asking that the gymnasium be fur-
nished with suitable apparatus. Although it might
be well to replace the iron rings with others cov-
ered with leather, it will hardly pay to have new
apparatus setup. In the first place little or no
benefit will be derived from using it. The room
1s sometimes very cold and clothing suitable for
gymnasium practice cannot be worn with safety,
and it is not only unprofitable to exercise vigor-
ously in ordinary dress, but 1t is dangerous as well.
Again, it is doubtful whether the boys would use
the present gymnasium enough to warrant the re-
quired expenditure.

Whatever is done let it be with the expectation
of some day having a new gymnasium large enough
for running and with all the means of making the
exercises most beneficial.

Perhaps if we should lend our influence toward
the building of a college gymnasium we would
have the privilege of using that. Surely it would
raise the standard of athletics at Rutgers to have
a larger number of athletic men among her stu-
dents,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., APRIL 1, 1890.

 

 

 

= of the most pleasant features in publishing
Tue Arco has been the kindly manner in
which our fellow papers have received us.

First of all the Vidette, published at Claverack,
N. Y., heads the list. This paper is the represen-
tative of the Claverack Military Academy, to
which it does great honor.

Next comes the Peddie Chronicle, issued by the
students of Peddie Institute, Hightstown, N. J.
The Chronicle has been published for sixteen
years. From the high tone of the paper the corps
of editors must be a very efficient one.

Then, as our latest exchange, we have the Iowa
Wesleyan, coming all the way from Mount Pleas-
ant, Iowa. This is a bright, neat and very nicely
arranged paper that, from its character too, ought
to have a very large circulation in the institution
from which it comes.

Last of all we have the Comet, published by
Drury Bros., of this city. This Comet is green,
but we hasten to add, only in color, and
seems to have a remarkable long “tale” about the
history of “A Coward,” yet it is very neatly ar-
ranged aiid printed by its proprietors.

We should be only too happy to exchange with
any other school paper and request any who may
wish to send us copies of their publications re-
membering that as we are the latest arrivals the
older inhabitants should call first.

 

“THE GOOD OLD DAYS.”

ie January, 1847, forty-three years ago, the wri-

ter was a pupil of the Grammar School at New
Brunswick. Rev. William J. Thompson was then
the Principal, with a single assistant, besides a wri-
ting andsinging teacher. The institutions at New
Brunswick were yet in their infancy as compared
with their present standing and efficiency. Hert-
zog Hall was not yet in existence, nor any of the
Seminary buildings. The Seminary depended on
the College for house room. The President's
house and Van Nest Hall were the only buildings

 
3 She Argo.

the College had outside of its own doors. A
paling one enclosed the campus instead of the
iron fence which a few years later took its place.
The Grammar School was a plain brick building,
without any attempt at vaulted roof or peaked
gables.

There were about eighty pupils in the school,
but there was work done. The first class in Latin
grammar and the first class in Greek grammar,
numbering about fifteen and ten each, were
models of promptness and exactness which have
had few equals in the writer's knowledge. Mr. T.
had an enviable, or ‘unenviable, reputation as a
strict disciplinarian. His methods of punishment
were unique. A half dozen boys standing on the
shelf against the chimney or on top of a high
closet standing near it, was no uncommon sight.
Mr. Thompson was lame, his whole right side had
been paralyzed. If his right arm hung down he
could not raise it, except with his left hand. He
used frequently to say to the boys brought up for
some misdemeanor, “Do you want to try the
strength of my left arm ?”

About this time the term “rats” was first ap-
plied to Grammar School boys who were not
prompt in their recitations, the word being used
derisively, as “ You rats, you 1” The word “ trap”
was unknown in this connection till after the pres-
ent home, or boarding houses, for students of the
institution was erected.

 

THE ROMANCE OF A STUDENT.

«©O spendthrift haste! await the Gods ;
Their nectar crowns the lips of Patience ;
Haste scatters on unthankful sods

The immortal gift in vain libations.”

ARRY ST. CLOUD was an ** all around fel-
i low.” At the time we have in mind, he had
just completed his Junior year at Harvard Univer-
sity. As a student he held a high place in the
second grade, and this he maintained without any
very hard study. He was naturally built for an
athlete, but did not give any especial attention to
the developement of his powers in that direction,
according to his class-mates he was “ clever,” “ well
equipped,” “the best fellow in the world” and the
ladies agreed that he was a “ perfect Apollo.” His
‘friends were many, and-as he devoted himself to

 

no particular pranch of college life there were few

who looked upo? hi a /
Occasionlly some well-wishing friend from among

the “digs” would approach him and say, “St.
Cloud why don’t you read for honors? you could
get one without half trying if you would only drop
eless athletics.” Then agatn, one of
the “sports” would slap him on the shoulder
with “By Jove Harry, it 1s the biggest wonder
in the world to me that you don't try foot-ball or
If Thad half your physique, I would
ance for the Varsity ; and
there’s tennis + every-body knows you can beat
Goodwin ,our College Champion, as easy as ‘roll-
ing off a log.’ ” St. Cloud would listen with de-
ference to all such suggestions, but continued in

the even tenor of his way- /
Tt was the month of July, and St. Cloud was

spending his vacation at Spring Harbor, one of
New Jersey’s sea-side resorts. He was having a
good time, for he was at home in society, and never
failed to gather about him a cluster of congenial
Fond of the ladies he was equally
fond of the ** fellows.” No one could accuse him
of ever having been in love. But there was one
young lady staying at the hotel, “The Barton
House,” who bad a peculiar attraction for him,
Mai Carlton was a College girl of apparently eigh-
teen or twenty years. She was blessed with a
rare complexion of most delicate color, and her
blue-gray eyes possessed a healthy clearness, which
is as charming as it is rare ; but her chief fascina-
tion lay in the bright and intelligent expression of
her face. St. Cloud had met her at the tennis
grounds and had since then enjoyed her compan-
ionship in many a mazy waltz.

But he did not care especially for dancing. The
pleasantest afternoon of his life was one on which
he had rowed Mai Carlton up the inletinto a pretty
winding stream that made its way gently through
a strip of woodland. Their conversation was of
books and poetry, for which St. Cloud had a pas-
sion, and, indeed, he had himself indulged in it
to the extent of a few effusions and a class poem,
and many a line could he quote from the masters,
ancient and modern.

Before many days had passed, he was obliged to
admit to himself that he was in love. He first be-

m as a rival,

those sens

rowing.
think I had a good ch

companions.
came conscious of it when one evening he watched
Mai Carlton as she glided about in a dance with
another partner. He could see that she was en-
joying it, as was but natural, and he felt a strange
uneasy feeling, a kind of incipient jealousy which,
though he recognized it as ignoble,x—he was un-
able, entirely to suppress. He felt that Mai ad-
mired him, but in the present state of his feelings
that was not enough. This was the evening of
Saturday, the tenth of July. And now we skip an
interval of two weeks, which, though a short time,
was sufficiently long for St. Cloud to become more
deeply entangled in the snares of love.

For several days a tennis tournament had been
in progress, and Saturday, July twenty-fourth was
tie date on which the finals were to be played.
‘'he morning was occupied in finishing the pre-
liminaries. Hitherto both Miss Carlton and St.
Cloud had been successful, but on that morning
Mai was defeated, and so she could not participate
in the finals. “But” said she to St. Cloud, who
had been more successful, “ ifyou will only win I
shall not care about loosing my game.”
This little encouragement did not weaken St.
Cloud’s determination to win. At three o'clock
the final contest began. His opponent was Good-
win whom we have before mentioned as the Har-
vardchampion. The winner of three sets out of
five, would receive the first prize,—a diamond
scarf pin, and the loser must centent himself with
a new tennis racket—which was the second prize.
‘Two sets were played and the score-keeper an-
nounced. ‘Two sets—iove, Mr. St. Cloud leads.”
Harry was flushed with success, and all began to
look upon him as victor. He was about to serve
but he first happened to glance at the audience,
and in doing so caught a glimpse of the retiring
form of Mai Carlton. She was moving rapidly
away and evidently somewhat excited.

This was the turning point of the game, St.
Cloud seemed for the moment to lose all interest ;
he handled his racket clumsily and made
several “ double faults.” Goodwin became en-
couraged, and after two more sets were played the
scorer announced,—* Mr. Goodwin wins—two sets
all.” The excitement becomes great, Harry made
a desperate attempt to rally, but without much

Ohe Arge. 35

 

success,—the contest was beyond his control.
“Three sets two, Mr. Goodwin is winner ” said the
scorer. Harry congratulated his rival so grace-
fully that no one would have thought that he
was better pleased in having lost than he would
have been lest he won.

In the evening he attended a hop which was
expected to be the affair of the season. Arrived
there his eyes began to wonder over the merry
throng of the pleasure seekers, till they rested on
Miss Carlton. He soon found himself at her side,
and engaged her for a dance. It so happened
hoWever, that all the earlier ones were taken, as
St. Cloud noticed when he examined her orders
but he secured the sixteenth, which was a waltz.
She was just saying, “I am so disappointed that you
lost, Mr. St. Cloud ; I was sure you would win at
first, and I was so sorry to leave just after the
second set, but I suddenly received word that "—
but she got no further. The music had com-
menced and her first partner, Mr. Goodwin, was
at hand to claim her; so she bowed sweetly to
Harry saying with her eyes, “ Have patience, I will
explain.”

But he never danced the sixteenth dance, a
Mr. Marshall, who had danced with her, came to
St. Cloud with the message that “ Miss Carlton
had unexpectedly been called away, and she hoped
Mr. St. Cloud would excuse her, and she was
much disappointed.”

The hop had no interest for him afterthat. He
put on his light overcoat and stole down to the
beach alone. It was the most beautiful night of
the year. The full moon, in a cloudless sky, hung
low over the Atlantic and stretched a fiery path-
way from the very shore. The waves—

“ Against the beach’s yellow zone

Curled slow, and plunged forever in,”
to the remotest part of the horizon, and making
visible the ghastly wings of the sailing craft that
were taking advantage of the light, and the gentle
sea breeze that was stirring. The scene was an

- inspiring one, and it had the effect of raising the

drooping spirits of our hero. He moved vigorously
along the board walk and recited aloud the words:

“*Since first I heard the North wind blow,
Since first Isaw Atlantic throw
86
scien rc

On yon fierce rocks his thunderous snow,
I loved thee Freedom.”—
He could not recall the rest of the quotations so he
began to sing in a strong tenor voice.—
“Moon of the Summer night
Far down yon Western steeps
Sink, sink in silver light,
She sleeps, my lady sleeps,
She sleeps, my lady sleeps,
Sleeps, sleeps.

He did not sing the next verse for he was ap-
proaching one of those summer houses that line
the board walk of Spring Harbor, and he observed
that it contained two occupants. As he drew near
a pang of jealously went through him, for he rec-
ognized the rippling laughter of Mai Carlton. He
quickened his pace and on passing the spot he
discovered that the second person was a new ar-
rival and he thought he could plainly distinguish
the arm of the stranger about her waist. At the
same moment he overheard her saying—‘ You
dear, dear fellow! that is just like you.”

(Zo be continued.)

HE following are the results of the efforts of
the Homer Class to translate Homer into
English Dactylic Hexameter. With a single ex-
ception none of the class have had any practice in
this work before. All were written in the class
room in a very few minutes, and all are taken

from Book IIT.
LINES 1-9.

When they were marshalled with leaders and

horses ready for battle.
Like to the birds in their shouting and outcry

went the fair Trojans.
Like as the cries of the cranes in the air to the

heavens are mounting.
When they the rain storm escaping and even

the thunder deriding.
Over the streams of the ocean do flutter with

cries in a fury.
Bearing the woes and the fate of their coming to

even the Pygmies.
Early they fight in their furious anger despising

all pity.
Silence enshrouded the Greeks as with anger

they marched.

he Argo.

 

ee

Eager in soul their comrades to succor even for

warfare.
tines 10-28.

Just as the south wind does send down upon
the high tops of the mountains.

a mist; not so friendly to

Vapor as dense as
shepherds, but better
Than dark night for the ro
stone may be hurled then
So far, indeed, may a man sce ahead
Thus the dust now
Rose from beneath the quick feet of these com-
ing and quickly they rushed through,
As they did go through the plain.
er
ght in the front of the

bers ; as far as a

1 of Limself.

And when

they were near to each oth
Paris the god-like, did fi

horse-taming Trojans.
Having the skin of a leopard ar

shoulders and also
Carrying his bow and his sword; and a spear

tipped with bronze did he brandish,
Calling the bravest and best of the sons of Ach-

‘ound his broad

aia to battle.
When Menelaus, the lover of Mars, did behold

him thus standing,
Then, as a lion which eagerly tears and devours

bleeding oxen,

Though many men swift of foot, and the keen-
scented pack do pursue him,

Yet doth he gloat o’er his prey; thus did he,
Menelaus, the warrior,

Gladly rejoice, as he saw Alexander, the god-

like, thus standing.
LINES 95-108.

So did he speak and all were instantly hushed
and silent.

Then Menelaus did speak who was valiant and
mighty in battle.

Hearktn yé also to rife, for woes and distress do
oppress me.

This plan have I in mind; let Trojans and
Greeks be assembled.

Since ye all have endured many woes and griefs
without number,

All on account of my strife begun by this grand
Alexander.

Now let him die for whom have death and de-
struction been fated,

 
ee

But ye others at once
gether,

Bring ye now lambs to be sl
the other a black one.

Both for the earth and the
shall bring here another,

Bring ye Priam, your chief, that he
in friendship,

Since his children indeed are
to be trusted,

Lest any one by force should break great Jupi-
ter’s treaty. :

Shall quickly assemble to-
ain, one white and
sun; for Zeus we
may bind us

faithless and not

LINES 105~113.
Priam, the mighty lead here so that he may
then swear to the treaty.

Sons of his own are too weak and forsooth are
as fickle as children.

This do I say so that none of the pledges of
Zeus may destroy.

Even the minds of the young men are changing ;
in truth do they waver.

But for companions an old man will scan both
the past and the future.

This, too, he does, so that all things may turn
out the best for both parties.

So he spoke ; so, then, in approval rejoiced both
the Greeks and the Trojans,

Eager in truth at the thought of concluding so
frightful a struggle.

Y. M. C. A. NOTES.
TOPICS AND LEADERS FOR APRIL.

April rrth: “ A Call to Important Business.”
st Sam., xx, 1-9. Leader, Wm. H. Greene.

April 18th, subject: “Turning Away From
Evil.” Ezek. xxxim, 10-23. Leader, L. Law-
rence.

April 25th, subject: “Thou, God, Seest Me.”
Psalm xxx1x. Leader, R. E. fom Joat.

Thursday and Friday, March 13 and 14, were
busy days in Morristown, N. J., because by train
from morning until night delegates were pouring
into that beautiful town, situated as it is on the
blue hills of New Jersey, to attend the twenty-first
Annual State Convention of the New Jersey Asso-
ciations.

By Friday 250 and more had arrived, and be-
fore Sunday night 372 delegates were present,

 

being the largest number ever convened since the
work began in 1877. Of this number 21 were
railroad representatives and 70 were from colleges,
We cannot say enough about the way in which the
good people of Morristown cared for us. The
Ladies’ Auxiliary was not behind in providing for
the convention, and on Thursday evening and Fri-
day and Saturday noons entertained the conven-
tion at their rooms and provided a bounteous re-
past, to which the delegates from the Rutgers Col-
lege Grammar School, at least, showed their ap-
preciation in a manner which words alone could
not express.

The convention was marked from beginning to
end by a very prayerful and deep spiritual interest.
The opening service on Thursday evening sounded
the keynote of the convention as the Holy Spirit
was sought in earnest prayer.

The sessions were held in the South street Pres-
byterian Church, with the exception of the one on
Friday evening, which was held in the Methodist
Church, and that on Saturday, held in the First
Presbyterian Church. ©

On Friday afternoon at 5 o'clock the convention
adjourned to department conference for presidents
and directors, college delegates, railroad delegates,
district committees and boys’ work. The confer-
ences were held in private houses of the citizens of
Morristown and were followed by tea. At the
Saturday morning session these conferences were
reported and brought out many valuable sugges-
tions, and promoted excellent plans for work in the
various departments of the Y. M. C. A.

We note some of the specially interesting feat-
ures of this twenty-first convention.

The address of the Rev. Henry Spellmeyer,
D.D., of Orange, who spoke on “The Word of
God,” was of such a character that all who heard
it must have been inspired to obtain a greater
knowledge of the blessed promises given in that
grand old book, the book of books—God’s mess-
age to man. The Bible readings as given by
Evangelist James Bride on “The Transfiguration
of Christ” were very instructive, and the quaint
manner in which they were presented, the Scottish
accent, the peculiar force and make-up of the
man, combined deep interest with instruction.
The paper on the “Importance and methods of

 
48

. of New
“ Social

Both

district. work,” by D. C. English, M. D
Brunswick, as well as the one on
Work,” by W. A. Venter, of Trenton, N. J.
gave many excellent suggestions which space will
not allow us to make mention of. The conversa-
tion, “ The Boys’ Bible Training Class,” by F. B.
Sanford, of Rutgers College, gave new impetus to
that work. “ What Educational Work Can Be
Done, and How Made Successful "was ably pre-
sented by Prof. W. R. Newton, of this school, and
from the Evening Express, of Morristown :

quoting
a desid-

“The Professor ably explained how such
eratum could be effected in a 30-minute address,
in which he exhibited that he had given his sub-
ject long and careful attention.”

The success of the convention was very much
increased by the presence and assistance rendered
by Mr. Moody, the great evangelist, and Robert
E. Speer, that young, earnest and wholly consecra-
ted man of the Class of "89, Princeton College.
Mr. Moody’s addresses on Friday evening and Sat-
urday morning were delivered in his usual effective,
magnetic and characteristic manner, in which he
kept everybody in the best humor, making very
telling points. Mr. Moody said the Lord liked
little things, such as the widow’s mite, the exhaust-
less cruse of oil, the jawbene of an ass, the
crooked stick, the ram’s horns and empty pitcher,
all cited to show that “large streams from little
fountains flow and large trees from little acorns
grow.”

Sunday was a day filled with services. The
delegates presented the work, both morning and
evening at all the churches in the city, The Sun-
day morning consecration services at Association
Hall and the Sunday afternoon meeting at the
Lyceum were both marked by the presence of
God's Spirit, and made lasting impressions which
will tell for grand results.

Never shall we forget the soul-stirring addresses
of Robert E. Speer, and his eloquent appeals for
our brothers in foreign lands; nor shall we forget
the motto which he left with us, and which will be
well to think upon, namely: “ Resolved, that we
shall live with a vengeance and die with a snap.”

The last but not least part of the programme,
the farewell meeting, was held in the South-street

She Arge.

|

ee

Presbyterian Church at 9 P. M It was an Im-

pressive service and was ended by the delegates
nds and singing that good old hymn,

grasping hai
our hearts in Chris-

“ Blest be the tie that binds
tian love.”

The convention then adjourned after a most

encouraging session, with the assurance, from all
indications, that the work of the Master will be

uted with a spirit and harmony that must

prosec
WESLEY.

lead to excellent results.
———_———

IN MEMORIAM.

It is with sad hearts that we are compelled to
record in this issue of THE Arco the death of our
schoolmate, Henry M. T. Watson.

While at home on the 22d of February he was
taken with pneumonia, and died on the 2d of
March.

This sudden termination of his vigorous young
life was a severe blow to his parents, and has been
felt throughout the school.

His funeral took place on the sth of March, at
the residence of his parents, in Jersey City.

Dr. Cook and about twenty of the boys of the
school attended the services, which were very
sad and impressive.

The following resolutions were adopted by the
members of the school :

Wuenreas, It has seemed wise in the Providence
of Almighty God to take from the midst of us
our esteemed and beloved companion and
schoolmate, Henry M. T. Watson, and,

Wuereas, The kind feeling long existing between
him and the members of the school renders it
fitting that we should express our deep feeling
of regret, Therefore, be it
Resolved, That we have lost an esteemed and beloved

companion and schoolmate; that we, kindly submitting to the

Providence of Him who doeth all things well, extend to his

parents our heartfelt sympathy and sincere condolence in
their sad bereavement.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be presented
to the bereaved family and also be furnished the ARGo for
publication.

J. W. GILLanp,

J. H. SEEBERGER,

H.W. Lupiam.
Committee,

Rh
dicen Bhe Arge. 39

PERSONALS.

Warren Van Slyke has left sc
trouble with his eyes.
turn.

hool on account of
He will Probably not re-

Briggs and Clark, who left on account of sick-
ness, have not yet come back to school.

Green received a very interesting letter from
Crouse the other day. He writes that he expects
to visit the school Soon, and wishes to be remem-
bered to all, as he Says:
mention of all,
wishes.”

“While not making
none are shghted in my good

As suggested in our last issue, a Red Headed
Club has been organized. The following are the
members: Martin, J. W. McDowell, alias « Red,”
A.W. Totten, alias « Brick,” and Thomas Sea-
man, alias “ Gold Mine.”

Seeberger has been very sick with an abcess.

Speaking of Pericles, Prof. C. said: « Although
he was the leader of the Democratic party, he was
a man of culture.”

The average attendance at our Friday evening
prayer meetings is 38, a remarkable number for a
school of this size.

The Glee Club as reorganized is as follows:
Leader, P. Newton; 1st tenors, Green and Run-
yon; 2d tenors, Sarles, Stout and Enyard ; 1st
basses, Lawrence, Wilson. Stilson and ‘Thomas ;
2d basses, Totten and ‘Thompson ; Organist, Van
Dyck.

CHIPS.

Our grand business is, not to see what lies
dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at
hand.—Carlyle.

Prof.—* What word is derived from the Latin
opus ?”

Smart Boy—* Opper.”

Prof.—* No, there is no such word.”

Smart Boy—“Yes there is; Puck’s Opper
Book.”

This reminds us of the derivation of doughnut,
from dono give and ut that—give me that. Res-
taurant was said to be derived from #s;a thing,
and taurus, a bull; a bully thing!

 

L— (translating) —“ She escapes the knots.”
Prof.—‘“‘ No, no, the word is notes not nod_s.”
L—*“ Oh, I didn't notes it.”

Josh Billings says that the mosquito was born
of poor, but honest parents, who had in their veins
some of the best blood in the country.

Teacher to young mathematician— Do you
know the tables?” “Yes, ’m.” “Name them.”
“ Breakfast-table, dinner-table and supper-table.

True honor is that which refrains from doing in
secret what it would not do openly, and where
other laws are wanted, imposes a law upon itself.

SPRING MUSIC.

She stood by the open window, and, as the old
man came into the room, with a finger on her
lips she bade him hush. Then, as the last notes
of a lawn-mower in the adjoining yard died away,
she turned with a look of rapture on her face.
“Ah, papa,” she said, “isn’t Wagner simply ex-)
quisite.”— The Ingleside.

Daughter-— Papa, don’t you know it is bad
manners to put your hands in your pockets ?”

Papa—* No, my dear; I am only practicing.

Daughter—* Practicing what?”

Papa—* To put my hands in my pockets, for
I shall have to keep them there all the time after
you have married the dude you are engaged to.” —
The Ingleside.

SEVERAL KINDS OF GIRLS.
On this interesting topic we give the following
pointers to our readers:
A good girl to have—Sal Vation.
A disagreeable girl—Annie Mosity.
A fighting girl—Hittie Magin.
A sweet girl—Carrie Mel.
A very pleasant girl—Jennie Rosity.
A smooth girl—Amelia Ration.
A geometrical girl—Polly Gon.
One of the best girlk—Ella Gant.
A musical girl—Sara Nade.
A profound girl—Mettie Physics,
A clinging girl—Jessie Mine.
A muscular girl—Callie Stehnics.
A lively girl—Annie Mation.
A serene girl—Molly Fy.
A great big girl—Ellie Phant.
A warlike girl—Millie Tary.
The best girl of all—Your own.
—Merel an.’s Traveler.

A
'

Gymnastic, Tennis, Foot-Ball,

Is of

 

40

The Best Place
to Buy Your

Wm. | |. Cooper, J I,

|

DANCING, %

%

a

Do it yourself.
Siz

 

or

» for small newspaper %

S

      

ad rules.

city, at WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

HARDING »®° MANSFIELD’S

Boot and Shoe House,

And Finest Shoes of every description, at Lowest Prices in the

Card press

  
 

Send 2 st

Ghe Arge. oe
SHOES OF EVERY DESCRIPTIONS

Successor to Cooper Brothers,

9 Peace St.

Cheap
Printing

Cireular press $8.

Everything ¢

ses, type, paper, cards, &e., to factory.

KELSEY &

Merides, Cony,

 

co.,

x

 

mps for Catalogue of

 

25 CHURCH STREET.

AY utgers J oleae,

New Brunswick, N. J.

Term opened September 19th, 1889.

SLOAN PRIZES

Best (CrAsstcat) Enrrance Examina-

 
  
 

For Tur
rons: First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350
($50 cash).
venty Profes Jassical course is ample and
morte hes tutors, The clpnilosophy, Greek, Latin,
» 3 ‘Astronomy, Chem-

  

German, Frenc
istry, Physics anc

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey
State College. 50 Free Scholarships.

cB.
and Senior years.

Apply to your County Superintendent of Education, or to the
President of th “ollege.
A Practical {fic School of High Grade. ‘Three Courses of

nt
Engineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture and

 

Four Years eac’

Chemistry.”
A New Course in Electricity.

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying. Careft) Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
ratus foreach sudent. A well-equipped Astronomical Observa'
for Student's use. :

A New $40,000 Laboratory
for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Agricultural Expe-
riment Station and the State College under the “Hatch Bill” appro-
priation of $15,000 per annuin,

For Catalogue or for any information address IrvinG
S. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College.
Mernitt Epwarp Gates, Ph. D., LL.D., L.H.D.,
President.

 

TAPKEN ,s° MILLER,
Watchmakers & Jewelers,
|

| 59 OCHURCH STREET,
' New Brunswicz, N. J.
== DAW

Pure Drugs ana

ISON & WRESON;

ws

SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILMI R,)

r, Medic; De gig vi . © 1 Mi “al
Waters ° nes, Cigars, Ci arettes, Soda and Minera
? Apollinarts, Hawthorn, Grupracs, Vichy and other
O er "alers, Photographic Supplies.
( 6 ae Oo ; ~ . -
I cd 2 House » Drug ae Store,
Wa. M. Davison, -
: MASONIC HALL, Gaxret WILsoN
SCHOOL AND COLLEGE % NEW 4%

STEXT-BOOKS ic

English Classics, Latin,
Languages, Philosophy,

I listory, P

White's Latin |
Latin-English Dictionary, Lic

Greek Lexicon, (abridged and uy

mvyyy

XY &
AAALL ‘

ANAK

TIONAL Mus

Recently adopted b

y the N
School Board.

Send for

GINN & COMPANY, 743 |

0.0. STILLMAN,

DEALER IN

Diamonds, Watches,

JEWELRY AND STERLING Sitver,
(Society Pins of all Kinds Made to Order.)

No. 49 Church Street,

Greek, Modern
Mathematics,
olitical Science, ete.

REFERENCE Bo00Ks FOR STUDENTS,

-Exicon, Gepp

Clothing House,
57 Church Street,

J. E. PAINTON. G. D. McCOY, Manager.

WE CARRY TILE FINEST

READY-MADE STOCKS

THAT WAS EVER IN NEW
BRUNSWICK, AND GUARAN-
TEE ALL GOCDS AS REPRE-
SENTED.

OUR CUSTOM DEPARTMENT

Is) WITHOUT OPPOSITION,
AND ALL WORK DONE IN
THE BEST MANNER.

& Haigh’s

I & Scott's
nabridged.)

Ide

IC CouRssE,

ew Brunswick
Catalogue,

3roadway, N. Y.
ISAAC C, BATES,
©aterer and Gonfectioner,

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and
Suppers.
1LO9 Chureh Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

WM. H, FISHER & CO,,
Mercuant -:- Tattors

AND CLOTHIERS.
ne Athletic Goods a Specialty. eq

G. D. W, KELSO,
College Book Store,

FINE STATIONERY,
Athletic | Wate

nan's

Goo
Four tain Per

ee ee
Rutgers College Grammar School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. —

Fouxpep 1766.

 

 

~~

Next Quarter Begins February 10th, 1890. >
E. Il. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

 

Cn

INSTRUCTORS.»
E, Hs COOK, A My Phy Head Maste, — ES¥SS “~~ o 1 MAS. W. A, NEWTON,

French.

WALTER NEWTON, A.M, a PRs alee be

partments.

MISS ELOISE TROTT,

Axsistant in Primary Department.

JAY MM, WHITE;

Steward and Janitor.

MAS. J. M, WHITE,

Matron,

Latin and Mathematics. Ss

Latin and German.

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B.;

Greek and Mathematics.

Ch $s JOHNSON,

Mathematics and English,

Ma Ne WYCKOFF, AM,

Chemistry and Physics.

  

I R. COOK, in assuming the Head Mastership of this school, desires to assure Its former patrons and friends that no efforts

will be spared to place this Institution in the front rank of sehools of a similar character.
While the careful preparation for Colleges and Seientifie Schools will be its chief aim ; att
students desiring to prepare for business.
Mrs. Cook, an educated and refined lad

and attractive home for the pupils. -
The number of pupils at the ‘* Home” is limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

ADMISSION.
Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work.
Tt is earnestly urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or

quarter. The class work will begin promptly at the opening of school.
Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he atten:

the church he has attended.
RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.
The aim of the sehool is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian
pupils of the Grammar Sehoo! worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswic
Seminary, at Kirkpatrick Chapel. Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the sehool, thrown open to the pupils of the Gram-
mar School the Library connected with Rutgers College. Libraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the students.

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in which the boys
live with the Head Master. These are five to ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insure every student some ex-
ercise in the open air.

The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition, Ample grounds are provided for out-door ganies.

DAY PUPILS.

Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home. Trains
arrive at all hours of the day and speelal school rates can be obtained from the railroad.

For day pupils the terms of tuition as follows :

First and Second Primary. $8 Per Quarter. Second Year Classical and Seientifle...
Third and Fourth 0 Nd Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classic
First and Second Preparator. re: * e Selentifle
First Year Classical and Seientif .

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, ete., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance.
Suites and single rooms, $100 per quarter.

PREPARATORY AND PRIMARY DEPARTMENTS.

The work in this department is designed to prepare boys of the youngest school age for the more advanced work of the
school. The number of pupils Is limited. Special care is taken in regard to the morals and language of each boy.

TO INTRODUCE DR. FE. H. COOK.
The Trustees feel contident that under the direction of Dr. Coox, supported in the work am
teacher of almost national reputation, Miss Estugr A. Awe and by a corps of capable assi
do its work with an intelligent thoroughness which ean be equalled at few schools in the country
the school to the citizens of New Brunswick, to the friends of the College, and to all who have boys to
‘ op the Trustees, MERRILL E. GATES, President cf the Board.
For any further Information address Ex H. Coox, Ph.D., Head Master Ratgors College Grammar Sehool, Now Dronswick, N. J.

ention will also be paid to

ly of earnest Christian character, will unite with her husband in making a pleasant

 

 

led, or from the pastor of

character as well, On Sundays the
heological

 

 

 

   
  

6 Per Quarter.

 
  

 

 

 

   

ig the younger boys by another

ts, the Grammar School will
They confidently commend

arefully educated.

     
     

      

 
 

 
