 

 

 

 

 

RUTGERS PREP, SCHOOL.

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Volume XX
OCTOBER, 1908

Number One

 
im

 

THE ARGO

Rutgers College and Rutsers Scientifo Schoo

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

 

vaneenaney sueesenneauesnanersag

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

3 facilities Elective Courses throughout the % : = 3
unusual facilities for Elective Course 8 is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agricultu:
and the Mechanic Arts. re

Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, 3 /
In this Department there are cight full courses, each
. fes, ¢a

German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc.
. » Political Science, Philosophy, 1. A Course in Agriculture.
History, Political Science, pey 2. A Course in Civil Engineering.

3. A Course in Chemistry.

Physics, Chemistry and Biology. C ist
. A Course in Electricity.

  

4
5. A Course in Biology.

e full four 6. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
z. A Course in Mechanical Engineering.

8. A Course in General Science.

In this Department, on the completion of th

years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives

the degree of A.B. ae 5

HEN GSE A And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does
iy ss = years’ requirements in not lead to a degree. . .

On the completion of the full four years’ requiremer For catalogues and other information, address IRVING §,

Modern ‘Languages and Science are substituted for UPSON, Registrar.
W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D., LL.D., President.

which p
Greek, the candidate “receives the degree of B.Litt.

Times Publishing Co.

201 Neilson Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

BU, TAP EN 2

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.
111-113 CHURCH ST. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS and JACKETS ‘iets siiur DRESS GOODS and SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings.
P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GO. see's ss

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.

 
 

THE ARGO 1

PAUL ¥F. WILLIAMS,|P f] SUYDAM, GROCER.

 

3 Sh George St. Everything the Best.

Phone 877. Pelestt Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

 

Established 76 years.

——STEWART & CLAYTON——

Sole Agents

Young’s and Truly Warner Hats

 

Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

 

Young IMlen

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.
Foot-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

 

GC. O. STILLMAN, IL. §. VAN DERVEER,
Jeweler and Optician. aes
DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. Studio: 4

CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS.

SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER.

133 ALBANY STREET. 355 George Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

Ss. ZIMMERMAN, E. VOLKERT,
Barber: Merehant « Tailor,
Also Birds and Fishes. 359 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

~

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tue Arco.

 
THE ARGO

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOKSTORg

 

School, Office and General Stationery Supplies of Every Description,

380 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, n. J:

 

WILLIAM GAUB,

DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF

Meats > Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

Fall Styles
Young Men’s Suits.

 

W. K, CRATHR,

90 Church Street,

RANDOLPH
Foto-grafer.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.
*Phone 229-w.

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.

College Snaps.
We Make a Special Little Picture.

 

CALL AND SEE Us.

Rensselaer. .

Polytechnic
Institute,

Established
1824,

A Scho 1 of

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in

Engineering,

our columns, please mention
 

 

THE ARGO.

VoL. XX. New Brunswick, N, J., Ocroner, 1908. No. 1.

 

GQweeuweeeueeen:

When asked to tell his most exciting adven-
ture a physician related the following story to
me,

“When I was a surgeon at a hospital in one
of the small islands which surround Cuba a
patient came to us in a nervous state of mind,
it was a girl, an orphan, of dark complexion
and very beautiful. We took great care of
her and [ became interested in her case. There
seemed to some mystery surrounding this
girl’s life. .

“One stormy night, while in my room, the
indicator in the hall began rining furiously. I
paid little attention to this but in about five
minutes the orderly came in with an expres-
sion paler than was natural. Noticing this 1
asked him if he had ansyered the ring and if
1 was wanted. To my surprise he said he had
not answered. I asked him what the trouble
was and he said that No 63 had rung.

“Well, what of it?” I asked.

“That is the room where the strange girl
is staying and I am afraid to go alone.”

“Then I remembered that room 63 was in
the annex to the hospital. This annex was
connected by a long passage and thinking he
was afraid to traverse this I got up saying ‘I
will go, and unless you are a coward you will
accompany me.’

“To this arrangement he willingly complied.
Picking up a lamp I led the way down the
dimly lighted corridor to the annex. When
we reached the passage we could hear the
wind howling frightfully and the thunder
seemed to shake the house. I must confess
that I did not blame the orderly for not want-
ing to go but I plucked up courage and we
proceeded on our way. After a walk, which

seemed to me unusually long, probably on ac-
count of the condition of the night we reached
room 63. As I opened the door my light was
extinguished and’something flew over me. 1
was startled. But to my great relief I discov-
ered it to be nothing more than a sheet. Tear-
ing this off I groped for the electric light
which I soon found. I turned on the switch.

“What a sight met my eyes! The window
was wide open. Things were blown all around
the room. The wind, most likely, had blown
the sheet over me. I shut the window and
and looked toward the bed. There lay the fair
brunette, her eyes closed, her hair dishevelted
and her right hand grasping the bell. Never
have I had such an uncanny feeling as when
I had saw this dead girl (for dead she was)
and my orderly, who had fainted, stretched on
the floor.

“I got back to my room but how I do not
remember. I was so weak that I could do no
more than stagger to bed and there must have
lost consciousness for I do not remember
anything until sometime the next day when I
opened my eyes and saw a nurse bending over
me.

“At that moment the head surgeon came in
and to him I told my story. He was deeply
impressed as well as greatly surprised at the
narration.

“After two days in bed I was able to get up.
I learned that the girl had been buried without
the cause of her death being verified. The
orderly was himself again but came to me as
soon as I could see him and asked if 1 would
give him recommendations as he intended to
leave. I understood the poor fellow’s feeling
and gave him the best of references. I pro-

 
4 THE

gressed rapidly toward health and was soon
as strong as ever,

“I had nearly forgotten about the dea
the girl but was so forcibly reniinded of it that
I never forgot the case. a

“One night after everyone, myself included,
was in bed the indicator in the hall began to
ring. I tried to sleep but no one answered the
ring so 1 got up and went to the indicator.
The little arrow pointed to No. 63! No one
had rented this room as it was kept closed.
You may well imagine my feelings. I press-
the rod that threw the arrow into its former
position and went to bed but had no sooner
made myself comfortable than it rang again.
I was angry and could not understand it but
got up and again replaced the arrow and went
to bed. Ding a ling a ling! Dinga ling a ling.
I was furious and jumping up I rushed out to
the hall and drove my fist through the glass
front of the indicator. I accomplished noth-
ing, except cutting my fist badly, because that
bell continued to ring.

“I went into my room and lit a lamp. Tak-
ing this I went quickly along the corridor to
the passage. The wind seemed to howl as
furiously as a caged lion and the thunder re-
minded me of a night when J passed here be-
fore.

“When I reached the door to room 63 and
was about to open it, to my horror, it slowly
opened. You may easily believe that my hair
stood on end, my eyes became like saucers, and
my heart seemed to have forsaken me.

“In the doorway stood the beautiful bru-
nette who had dwelt in this room. She beck-
oned me to enter, which I did. Then she re-
lated the following story to me.

“ “Many times have I tried to make known
to you the cause of my strange death but you
would not understand so I beguiled you here
to-night. The orderly poisoned me because I
refused to marry him and would not notice
him. He was so enraged at me that he sent
me a glass of poisoned milk which I, not sus-
pecting drank. You will find the broken

ath of

ARGO

tumbler and a bottle of poison in the ra dite
behind my bed.’ :

“With these words (as I remember she
vanished and I must have gone back to bed al.
though I remembered nothing until mornin
1 thought I had had a horrible nightmare bay
glancing down at my fist I saw a deep gash,
1 again lost consciousness and did not leave
my room for a week,

“When I left my room the first thing |

noticed was the broken indicator. I also say
some drops of blood on the floor. Then j
slowly walked along the hall toward the ap.
nex. I saw a drop of blood here and there,
probably from my fist. When I reached room
63 I stopped. Gingerly I opened the door but
there was nothing to alarm me so I entered,
Looking in the radiator I found the poison
and broken glass.

“Perhaps you wonder what happened to the
orderly. We did not take the trouble to find
him as the evidence was not strong enough to
convict him. You have now heard my most
startling adventure and I hope never to pass
through another one of that sort.”

This story may sound fictitious but the phy-
sician in question will answer for its veracity.

 

We all hope to pass our tests with as much
satisfaction to our teachers as did Mary in
the following story at a contest.

The judges had marked the examinations
papers and gave out the following statement
of their work. “All the papers were good
and do credit to the scholars but the work of
Mary Blake is exceptionally good. Although
she missed the point in nearly all her answers,
her wonderful intellect can easily be seen in
her replies.’

 

Settlement Worker.—Mrs. Isaacs, would
you like to serve Jesus? ,
Mrs. Isaacs.—I’s serving at the Winter's
hotel and don’t think I’ll give up my job.

 

 
THE

THE ENROLLMENT.

FIRST FORM—FIRST.

Harold L. Clark, The Trap.

Holmes V. M. Dennis, New Brunswick, N. J.
Rapheal Donahue, New Brunswick, N, J.
William Gordon, New Brunswick, N. J.
John Hoagland, New Brunswick, N. J.
Melville Orton, New Brunswick, N. J.
Alanson D, Prentiss, Highland Park, N. J.
William L. Strong, New Brunswick, N. J.
Russell Ten Eyck, Highland Park, N. J.
Robert Watson, New Brunswick, N. J.
Margaret Daly, New Brunswick, N. J.
Virginia Kent, New Brunswick, N. J.
Oneita Wright, New Brunswick, N. J.

FIRST FORM—SECOND.

Nelson Dunham, Highland Park, N. J.
Redfield T. Dinwiddie, Metuchen, N. J.
Giles Low, Passaic, N. J.

Theodore B. Hunt, Metuchen, N. J.
William H. Reeves, New Brunswick, N. J.
Charles Ritter, New Brunswick, N. J.
Anton Raven, Jr., New Brunswick, N. J.
Robert Voorhees, New Brunswick, N. J.
Marshall M. Watts, New Brunswick, N. J.
William C. Wells, Jr., Westfield, N. J.
George D. White, Newark, N. J.

May Dorothy Long, New Brunswick, N. J.
Esther Alien Sears, New Brunswick, N. Jess
Marion Voorhees, New Brunswick, N. J.

SECOND FJRM.
John C. Conger, New Brunswick, N. J.
Albert W. Iredell, New Brunswick, N. J.
Harry L. Janeway, New Brunswick, N. J.
Alan S. Richardson, New Brunswick, N. J.
George D. Romeike, New York, N. iY.
Robert F. E. Steir, Sayreville, N. J.
Lawrence Suydam, New Brunswick, N. J.
Ruth Helen Blum, New Brunswick, N. J.
Elizabeth Scudder, The Trap.

: THIRD FORM.

Wesley Benner, Metuchen, N. Ti

Frank Blanchard, Paterson, N. J.
John E. Elmendorf, New Brunswick, N. J.

ARGO 5

Raymond Healy, New Brunswick, N. J.
Edward S. Hoe, Jr., New Brunswick, N. J.
Fred McCarthy, Sayreville, N. J.

George Morrison, New Brunswick, N. J.
Paul D. -Prentiss, Highland Park, N. J.
Philip Ritter, Brooklyn, N. Y.

John H. Rowland, New Brunswick, N. J.
Robert W. Searle, New Brunswick, N. J.
Ralph T. B. Todd, Tarrytown, N. Y.

John S. Voorhees, New Brunswick, N. J.
Theodore Voorhees, New Brunswick, N. J.
Alma Gaub, New Brunswick, N. J.

FOURTH FORM.
Nat Carroll, Dayton, N. J.
Laban H. Chamberlain, New Brunswick, N. J.
Bradley Folensbee, Schohane, N. Y.
John H Johnson, Rahway, N. J.
Cornelius V. S. Knox, New Brunswick, N. J.
George W. Koehler, Bound Brook, N.<J.
Frank W. Mankowski, Old Bridge, N. J.
Frederick H. Low, Passaic, N. J.
Van Wagner Pingry, Mill Brook, N. Y.
Arthur A. Prentiss, Highland Park, N. J.
John R. Reeves, New Brunswick, N. J.
Miles Ross, New Brunswick, N. J.
Raymond B. Searle, New Brunswick, N. J.
Hilmer F. Smith, New Brunswick, N. J.
Austin de la Tore, Mexico, N. A.
Robert W. Turner, Yonkers, N. Y.
James H. Ziegler, New York, N.Y.

THE FOOT-BALL SCHEDULE.

Our energetic manager has arranged the
following games.

October 3.—Boys High, New Brunswick.

October 10.—N. B. H. S., New Brunswick.

October 17.—Plainfield High, Plainfield.

October 24.—Wilson Academy, New Bruns-
wick.

October 31.—N. J. M. Academy, Freehold.

November 7.—Trenton Model, Trenton,.

November 14.—Irving School, Tarrytown.

November 21.—Passaic School, Passaic,

 
THE

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly During the School Year,
BY THE .

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Se

 

 

 

 

 

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.
eo ae

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

H. F. Saturn, ’o9, Editor-in-Chief.
C. V. S. Knox, ’og, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
A. A. Prentiss, ’09, Alumni Notes.

J. H. Jounson, ’09, |
J, RNS, Literary Editors.
J. E. Ermenporr, ’10,

R. W. Turner, ’09,

M. Ross, ’o9,

R. W. Searte, ’10, Exchanges.

J. N. Smiru, Annex.
R. T. B. Topp, ’10, )

E. S. Hoe, Jr., ’10,
News.
F. H. Low, ’oo,
R. B. SEARLE, '09, Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-
panied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

The new Argo Board takes up its work
with the present issue. This year the editor
was elected by the popular vote of the school.
He has appointed his own board with the con-
sent of the faculty. Thus the school knows
that they have an editor whom they can trust
to do his best and the editor has a board work-
ing in perfect harmony with himself.

We hope this year to make the Argo a true
representative of the school and in order to
do this we ask all the students to contribute.
We need a stronger editorial department and
we invite you all to write editorials on any
topic which you think needs attention. Every
contribution will receive careful consideration,
Probably the department most interesting to

ARGO

the average student is the athletic. This da
parment will be greatly improved, Nothin

makes a paper So interesting as bright, Origin-
al jokes. If anything happens in the different
classrooms which may seem funny, make a
point of sending an account of it to the edi
tor. The work done for the paper will he
made the basis of the appointments to the next
Argo Board. Show your school spirit and aid
us in making the Argo a paper of which we

may be proud.

 

The 143d year of the school opened on-Sep-
tember 16th with a good attendance. There
was an almost entire change of faculty only
Mr. Lewis, Miss Biles and Miss Searle re-
maining from last year. The new members
of the faculty quickly won the respect of the
students and all have proved themselves to be
fine teacliers in their respective branches. Dr,
Payson found a worthy successor in Mr. Seud-
der who, after some difficulty with the sched-
ule soon had the school running smoothly.
The scope of the school work has been widen-
ed and several innovations have been intro-
duced. Extemporaneous speaking is encour-
aged and an acquaintance with the current
events of the day is required. All these things,
combined with the willingness of the pupils
to work, not only in preparing their lessons,
but also for the good of the school generally
have thus far made this year very promising.

 

Owing to the resignation of Dr. Eliot R.
Payson to accept a place in the faculty of the
college, Mr. Myron T. Scudder has become
head-master of the preparatory school. We
cordially welcome him, and trust that he may
find us willing to aid him, in every way possi-
ble, in keeping the school up to the highest
standards of efficiency. Mr, Scudder is a
Rutgers graduate, class of 1882. Soon after
leaving college he began to teach and from
head-master of the Normal school at New
Paltz, he has come here. From a circular the
following is quoted. “Mr. Scudder has filled
THE

most successfully various important school
positions, and now ranks among the foremost
educators of the day. His exceptional ability
as a teacher and as an administrator, his large
experience and wide reputation, his marked
power with boys and young men, his strong
christian character make him an excellent
head-master.”

It has been suggested that we form a Glee
club and an orchestra. It seems as though
this can be successfully done. In the singing
at chapel, many good voices are heard and if
these are properly trained to sing in concert,
there is no reason why we should not have a
fine Glee club. Mr. Scudder was one of the
prime movers in organizing the Rutgers Col-
lege Glee club, and we are sure that he will
help us in organizing one for the Prep. Mr.
Fisher, our English teacher, has already had
experience in leading an orchestra and he can
give us valuable assistance in this line of musi-
cal activity. An orchestra would be very val-
uable in leading the singing at chapel. A
Glee club is a fine thing to have, if only for
the pleasure it gives. We will welcome any
opinion regarding this plan. All large schools
have Glee clubs and there is no reason why
we should be behind the rest.

 

ABOUT THE SCHOOL.

An old student will notice a number of
changes at the school. As he traverses the
new walk around the school and glances up
at the Annex he will immediately sec Old
Glory and as he enters the doorway of the up-
per school he passes under a new flag pole.

If he comes during the morning exercises
he will notice new singing books but no one
playing the organ, as the position has not been
applied for yet. He looks in the ancient lab-
oratory room but sees nothing except a long
table surrounded by chairs.

He goes upstairs and walks into the old
German room, What a pleasant sight greets
his eyes, Never did he see the school with

ARGO 7

such a fine physics or chemistry laboratory or
the boys more satisfied. He lingers here for
awhile deeply interested in the experimnts.
When he finally leaves he wishes he were
again in this school.

ALUMNI NOTES.

‘98, William B. Wyckoff died this summer
of typhoid fever at Newark, N. J.

’o1, Harold Green and J. H. Murphy are in
their senior year at the seminary.

‘o4, Corbin is captain and fullback of the
Rutgers foot-ball team.

‘04, Joyce Kilmer has married Miss Aline
Murray of Metuchen, and the couple are cele-
brating their honeymoon in Europe.

’o7, Sangster has been pitching on a semi-
professional team all summer.

Ex-’o8, Williams and Gross visited the trap
on Saturday, October Io.

Mr. Averill is teaching at Ithaca, N. Y.

’o8, Gross is playing end on Lafayette.

Mr. Hall has a position at Bellefonte.

’o8, Helm was a life-guard at Sea Girt all
summer and saved several lives. He is play-
ing on the Rutgers ’Varsity.

’o8, H. E. Joyce entered Yale with high
honors.

Mr. Wilbur is an instructor at the Mont-
clair Academy.

’o8, Vivian Ross spent his summer with the
soldiers at Sea Girt.

Miss Tower has visited the Trap twice.

’o8, The following graduates of Rutgers
Preparatory School are beginning their course
in Rutgers College: | Bauman, Campbell,
Fisher, Helm, McGovern, Pitcher, Ross,
Smith, Stier.

‘o8, Miss Scott has entered Vassar College.

’o8, Miss. Knox is attending, Smith College.

Ex-'og, Theodore Strong entered Hotch-
kiss.
8 DHE

RUTGERS PREP. vs. HIGH SCHOOL.

The Prep.’s defeated the New Brunswick
High School on Saturday, the tenth of Octo-
ber, at Neilson Field by the score of I1-0.

The game started promptly at three o’clock.
Ziegler kicked off to Rogers who ran it back
fifteen yards. High School made its ten yards
through the line. Koehler then broke through
and tackled Burke who ‘dropped the ball,
Koehler falling on it. High School then re-
covered it on a forward pass. By a fake kick
Burke made a large gain around end. High
School was forced to kick, White catching the
punt. Ziegler gained eight yards and Morri-
son made first down on a forward pass.
White sent a fine pass to Ziegler who gained
ten yards. Then Turner netted fifteen yards.
High School being penalized for offside and
Ziegler gaining five yards placed the ball on
their five yard line but Prep’s lost the ball on
a fumble. High School kicked to White he
ran thirty yards before being tackled. Zieg-
ler and Low made the required ten yards.
Again the ball was on the five yard line, and
again Prep. fumbled. The High School punt-
ed to White who missed the punt. The op-
ponents fell on the ball, which we recovered
by White’s blocking a drop. Then Morrison
made a pass to Zeigler who ran fifty yards
for a touchdown. He then kicked a goal after
which the High School received, but soon
time was called. Score 6-0.

Second Half.

McCullum kicked off to Ziegler who was
downed in his tracks but redeemed himself by
making a twenty yard run around end and
on the next play making twenty more by a
forward pass. Prep. was then forced to kick.
The punt went over the goal line. McCullum
punted out to Ziegler, who ran it back twenty
yards. High School got the ball on a forward
pass but were soon held for downs. Preps
eained steadily and finally White went over
the line for a touchdown, Ziegler missing a
difficult goal. He then kicked off to Burke
who ran it back twenty yards. The High

ARGO

'

School made fifteen yards on a forward pass
but were forced to give up the ball on account
of downs. White made twenty yards on a
forward pass but we lost the ball and our op-
ponents gained eight yards but they were pen-
alized for holding. On the next two plays,
Burke netted thirty-five yards. Time was
called with a score of 11-0 in favor of Prep.
The line up was as follows:

Rutgers Prep. ' High School.

Right End
Morrison ..---seeeersr ests Atkinson
Right Tackle.
Salzedo, (Conger) --+++++ere+e+ Vanderipe
Right Guard.
Koehler ....--+eecre ree tetsrteee Watson
Center.
Bissett .....eeeeeee reeset teers Floagland
Left Guard.
Folensbee ..--- eee cs te eesetttee Wylie
Left Tackle.
Rein os che ene c sarees eee * Flanagan
Left End.
TROA « Fasaid stecotseajetkuccte te See See's V. Rogers
Quarterback
FEUTTICE” cen ferge Sade # visit oncoveretel efoweue ols Wilmot
Right Half-back.
WILE. “sje or sis eeetecs ofa) siete siete oes Burke (capt.)
Left Half-back-
Ziegler \(Capts), aces seas cee sre L. H. Rogers
Fullback
TeOwe ese feid tes een eer ree McCullum

Referee, Watson. Umpire, Williams. Time-
keeper, Prentiss. Halves, 2—20.

RUTGERS PREP. vs. BOYS HIGH.

In a closely contested game on Saturday,
the third of October, the strong team of
Brooklyn Boys High School defeated the Rut-
gers Prep. team on Neilson Field by the score
of 5 to 4.

High School won the toss and chose the
kick-off, while Captain Ziegler chose to de-
fend the southern goal. Promptly at three
thirty, Connors kicked off to Ziegler who ran

<a
THE

ihe ball back fifteen yards. Prep, was soon
f orced tO kick but on the next play recovered
i) on a fumble and after making thirt
wards Were again forced to kick. The High
School team was held for downs and the bal]
~ ont to Prep. who punted out of danger. The
opponent's backs ripped up the line until on
ths five-yard line where our boys braced up
ist in time for the half ended before a touch-
d be scored. Score, 0-0,
Second Half.

Ziegler kicked off to Cayard who made a
run of thirty yards. Turner then got the bail
on a fumble but Prep. was forced to kick,
Koehler regained the ball but we were again
forced to kick. Prep. was then penalized for
coaching from the side lines. High School by
fast line plunges and end runs brought the
pall to Prep.’s five-yard line and Seaman was
pushed over for a touch-down but he missed
an easy goal. Ziegler chose to receive and
on a return kick Turner got the ball. On the
next play he made fifteen yards. The ball was
then on the High School’s thirty-five yard line.
Ziegler dropped back and sent a beautiful
drop over the bar. “High School punted out to
White who made a twenty-five yard run. On
a forword pass, Morrison gained ten more
yards. Time was called with the score 5-4 in
favor of the visitors.

Ziegler’s kicking and Morrison’s playing
were easily the features of the game. The
line up was as follows: .
Rutgers Prep.

the ba

down coul

Boys High.

Right End

Morrison .......eceeeeeeererester? Taylor
Right Tackle.

Blanchard, (Conger) ...+++++++++++ Hausen
Right Guard.

Kothlet ccsevitn caus sroses tere sae ete Torburg

Center.

Bissett duu: Gees wee Gillmore, (Wolfe)
Left Guard. |

Folensbee ........--22e¢ee creer Haviland
Left Tackle.

Salzedo, (Keim) .....--ee seer eres Seaman

ARGO
y
aba Left End.
SiO etchaleneie cave ee Kuhn (capt.)
eee Quarterback, 3
SE ABI ela GeO less aie ‘Leary
Wie ; ight Half-back. ron
Bronce Sie ok nc ee ayar
Ee Left Half-back
Giegler (capt)... ... ree Holden
a Fullback.
Shes olga sieve (oratatcistvose ia -s-ardeensivayove Connors

Re ee Seaman, Drop kick, Ziegler.
cferee, Sangster. Umpire, Coy. Timekeep-
ers, Prentiss and Fisher. Halves, 15—15.

 

CONSTITUTION OF THE ATHLETIC
ASSOCIATION.

f I—NAME.,

The name of this association shall be “The
Athletic Association of Rutgers Preparatory
School.” ,

1I.—OBJECT.

The object of the Association is to promote
an interest in, and to exercise control of, ath-
letics among the students of the school.

IIL.—MEETINGS.

Section 1. Regular meeting of this Associ-
ation shall be held three times a year, viz.,
second Wednesday of the school year, last
Wednesday in February, last Wednesday in
May.

Section 2. Special meetings to be called

‘by the President on the request of five mem-

bers of the Association. Due notice of such
meetings must be posted on the bulletin board
for at least one day before they are held.
IV.— MEMBERS, ;

All students of the academic department are

eligible to membership in this Association.
V.—DUES.

Dues shall be $1.50 per year, payable semi-

annually, in September and February.
AMENDMENT TO V,

Dues shall be $3.00 per year, payable in

September, December and January.

 

 
10 THE

VI.—VOTING.

No member shail be allowed to vote in any
of the meetings of this Association unless he
shall have paid his dues in full for the cur-
rent season,

VII.—OFFICERS.

The officers of this Association shall be a
President, Vice President, Secretary-Treas-
urer, :

VIII.— MANAGERS,

It shall be the duty of this Association to
elect a manager for the foot-ball, base-ball and
track teams respectively.

AMENDMENTS TO VIII.

1. A manager of the basket-ball team shall
also be elected by the Association.

2. It shall be the duty of this Association
to elect an assistant manager for the foot-ball,
basket-ball, base-ball and track teams or any
other team under the supervision of this As-
sociation.

IX.—ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The President, Vice President, Secretary-
Treasurer, shall be elected at the May meet-
ing for the following year.

X.—ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

(1) The manager of the foot-ball team shall
be elected at the September meeting.

(2) The manager of the base-ball team
shall be elected at the February meeting.

(3) The manager of the track team shall
be elected at the February meeting.

AMENDMENTS TO X.

The managers elected for the foot-ball, base-
ball, or track teams must be students in the
-third or fourth forms.

The managers for the following year of the
foot-ball, base-ball, basket-ball, and track
teams shall ‘be elected at the close of their re-
spective seasons.

(1) The managers of the foot-ball team for
the following year shall be elected at the close

of the season.
(2) The managers of the base-ball and

ARGO

basket-ball teams shall be elected at the Sep-
tember meeting.

(3) The manager of the track team for the
following year shall be elected at the close of

the season.
XI,—ELECTION OF CAPTAINS.

(1) The captain of the foot-ball team, for
the ensuing year shall be elected by the mem-
bers of the foot-ball team immediately
after the last game.

(2) The captain of the base-ball team for
the ensuing year, shall be elected by the mem-
bets of tlie base-ball team, immediately after
th last game.

(3) The captain of the track team shall be
elected by the members selected for the team,
as soon as the team is chosen.

Any candidate for captain of either base-ball
or foot-ball, shall have been a member for at
least one year of the team for which he is a
candadate for captain.

(5) No person shall be considered a mem-
ber of the base-ball or foot-ball teams unless
he has won his “R. P.” on that team.

(6) The track team shall consist of the
members of the relay teams and those who
shall be judged by regular trainers, worthy of
representing the school in individual events.

AMENDMENT TO XI.

The captain of the basket-ball team for the
ensuing year shall be elected by the members
of the team at the end of the season.

XIL—RIGHT OF WEARING “R. P.”

No person shall be allowed to wear “Rk. P.”
unless— :

(1) He has played three (3) full games or
the equivalent thereof on the foot-ball team.

(2) He has played three (3) full games or
twenty-seven (27) innings on the base-ball
team.

(3) The “R. P.” shall be given to any mem-
ber of the relay team whose team shall win
first place in the Rutgers meet, or any place
in the Princeton meet, and to anyone in the
individual events who shall win similar places.

 
 

THE

(4) Any wearer of the “R.. B.” who does
not do sufficient work in any subsequent yeas
for that team may be deprived of his “R, p»
by a two-thirds vote of the Association,

AMENDMENT To xu.

No person shall be allowed to wear “R Be.
unless he has played three (3) full games -
the equivalent thereof on the basket-ball] team

XIIL—DUTIES OF OFFICERS, ;

Section 1. The President shall preside over
all the meetings of the Association and per-
form such other duties as may devolve upon
him by virtue of his office.

Section 2. The Vice President shall per-
form all the duties of the President in case of
absence of the latter.

Section 3. The Secretary-Treasurer shall
keep a record of all the meetings, of all mem-
bers of the Association, and of the funds there-
of, shall render a written report of the same
at each regular meeting, and shall see that the
constitution is published at least once a year
in the Argo.

XIV.— QUORUM.

A majority of the members shall constitute
a quorum.

XV.—AMENDMENTS.

Section 1. This contitution can be amend-
ed only by a three-fourths vote of members
voting at the meeting.

Section 2. All amendments to the constitu-
tion must be handed in writing to the Secre-
tary-Treasurer, who will read them before a
meeting of the Association at least three (3)
days before they are voted upon.

 

THE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.

The A. A. opened its year with a member-
ship of fifty. A subscription was taken up
among the boys and about thirty dollars was
thus added to the treasury.

President Low called a meeting for the pur-
uose of electing a foct-ball manager. A. A.
Prentiss was unanimously elected.

And amendment to the constitution was
proposed to the effect that the managers of

ARGO

1L
the different teams s
son before,
and the sec
early d

eal hould be elected the sea-
This was seconded and approved
retary will have it ready at an
7 ate so that the managers for next sea-
oe be elected this season.

Pe 3 later meeting Knox and Searle were

ed cheer leaders, President Low sug-
ested that the dues be raised from seventy-

ve i i
cents to a dollar. This suggestion was
seconded and carried.

 

CLASS NEWS.

On September 27, at recess, the seniors had
a meeting for the purpose of electing class of-
ficers, which are as follows:

President, F. H. Low.

Vice President, R. B. Searle.
Secretary, R. W. Turner.
Treasurer, H. F, Smith.

As a number of the fellows did not have
class pins a committee was organized to see
that emblems would be ordered for those who
had none.

The juniors called a meeting at recess on
September 28. Their officers are as follows:

President, R. T. B. Todd.
Vice President, E. S. Hoe, Jr.
Secretary and Tresurer, P. Ritter.

COMMENTS.

Koehler, if you used choicer language you
might be taken for the god Hercules.

That was a nice tackle of Ziegler’s when he
threw their back on the five-yard line.

Did you see George Morrison, our end?
Todd had better hustle.

Folensbee made a tackle that prevented a
touchdown.

Do you think coach Smith was excited
when he ran on the field at Ziegler’s beckoning
to him? We were penalized fifteen yards for
this, yet why wasn’t their coach kept off?

Turner made an elegant quarter-back run
with Ziegler’s help.

Captain Ziegler kicked a superb drop from
the thirty-five yard line.
12 THE ARGO

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home- P W A L L
Made Candies may be found at :

BRUM S

"Phone 310-J. 71 CHURCH ST. High Grade Tailoring
SCHUSSLER’S, Steers:

 

 

 

   

 

 

Parties, Dinners and Receptions served in IS
the best manner.
BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100. Church St.
ee ; New Brunswick,
ARCHABR’'S NI.
f or Good Shoes.
17 PEACE STREET.
‘ Special
The Landsberg Store, co

 

1, 2, 3 and 4 KING BLOCK.

MEN’S FURNISHINGS.

to Students

 

 

 

oa REED'S SONS.

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are

studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

Pall and Winter Suits, - $12 to $40
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

Raincoats, — - - - $15 to $35

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters,

JACOB REED’S SONS,
1424-1426, Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

 

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE AR
E GO,

 
 

 

pci iz a

THE ARGO

Bissetts Drug Store

420 George Street.

 

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WHEN IN NEED OF

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Pow-
der, Soap, Combs, Brushes,
Soda and Milk Shakes

 

Heidingsfeld, Boe Bai
NTER Seiffert Bros.
F R | 9 For Stationery, Books, Photo and Sporting
42 Albany Street, Goods.
New Brunswick, New Jersey. | 50 DENNIS STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,

68 and 70 Albany Street.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.

 
 

 

THE DORMITORY FROM THE TENNIS COURTS.

 

OLD AS THE HILLS YET STILL YOUNG.
143d Year.

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS

A high grade college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rutgers College, and therefore
enjoying unusual advantages.

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY.

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school home under the im-
mediate supervision of the headmaster. Excellent table.
Interesting social and athletic life. Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball. Military drill.

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL.

In the Elementary School girls as well as boys are received. Boys of all ages received in either
school at any time, cither as day pupils or boarders.

EXPENSES.—4t the House.—The regular terms at the House are $450 a year, a few rooms being
rated at $400. Boys have individual beds. Rooms are heated by steam. Day Pupils—For day pupils
the following rates, per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Department, each grade $9.00. Intermedi-
ate Department.—Fourth and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00. Academic De-
partment.—First Form, $16.00; Second Form, $18.co ; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, $24.00.

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York. Parents
naturally want to patronize an easily accessible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emerg-
ency the son is in quick touch with the home. Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO,

 

 

 
