 

 

 

 

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

VOLUME XIX DECEMBER NUMBER THREE
ti THE ARGO.

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

 

 

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT

Is Broad and Thorough

urriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

and by arevisionand enlargement of thec
ghout the - ns Fs
is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agricu-

unusual facilities for Elective Courses throu,

Junior and Senior years. in Latin, Greek, French, ture and the Mechanic Arts.
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, _in this Department there are six full courses, each
History, Political Science, Philosophy, leading to the first degree in science, B. Sc.
. ' * 1. A Course in Agriculture.
Physics, Chemistry and Biology. 2. 4 Course in Civil Engineering.
7 . inC istry.
In this Department, on the completion of the ‘full four ‘ a Course in Electricity.
’ 3 ; i e ‘course in Biology.
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves é A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.

7. A Course in Mechanical Engineering.

the degree of A. B.
8. A Course in General Scfence.
Anda short coarse of two years io Osrani:s which does

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements ad 3
itui not lead toa degree.
n which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for not lead to fios-and other information, address IRVING

Greek, the candidate receivea the degreo of B. Litt. S.UPSON, Registrar.
W! A. 3. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., Preaidnt.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

201 NEILSON ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING

Of Every Description.

B UT Ar KEN.

JEWELER.
le iia ag ou Corner of Church and Neilson Streets. |

Made to Order.

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths, |
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS AND JACKETS, ““°Giinpren's NEW STOCK OF PRESS GOODS & SILKS

CHILDREN’S

 

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P. J. Young Dry Goods, Co., 2 SHURCH STREET. |

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.

 
THE ARGO. Ill

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

REAL ESTATE
384 GEORGE ST... NEW BRUNSWICK.

(Established 75 Years)

STEWART & CLAYTON

SOLE AGENTS

Young’s and Truly Warner Hats
FOWNES’ GLOVES, DRILL GLOVES, EVENING FURNISHINGS
Church Street, Opposite Dennis Street.

 

 

 

 

8 NIFTY SHOES

t —FOR—

| YOUNG MEN

4 aye cage a $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 .... .....

4 Gym and Sporting Shoes

i Harding & Mansfield
; 9 Peace St. New Brunswick
O. O. STILLMAN, John M. Arneil Geo. G. MacPherson

JEWELER AND OPTICIAN, ee TAUNDEY

Diamonds, Watches and Sverling Silver. Society Pins | Mrs Vacs Farle
Mude to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding | Phone -47 First Class W rs Church St
es 7

Invitations,
45 CHURCH STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Ss. ZIMMERMAN I. VOLKERT,
BARBER Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES 359 GEORGE STREET,

381 GEORGE ST. New Brunswick, N. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns. please mention the Argo.

 

 

 
THE ARGO.

RUTGERS PREP. SCHO

OL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GEN

380 GEORGE STREET,

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

   
 
 

 
 

JERSEYS,
SWEATERS,

  
    
    

TRACK suITS
FOOT BALL GOODS

    
 

Good Stylish Clothes for Every Season.
Full Line of Furnishings.
Complete Custom Department.

Lyons & Parker

1 PATERSON BLOCK

Special

 

New Brunswick, New Jersey

ERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY

DESCRIPTION.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. v.

=[ANDOLPILS

Foto-grafer.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Prices To Students

College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and
Home Made Candies may be found at’

BRUNS

Phone 310 J. 71 Church St.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo
 

THE ARGO.

 

 

VoL. XIX. New Brunswick, N.

J., Decemner, 1907. No. 3.

 

 

AN: FE ROIC

DESERT ER

 

For a long time Mrs. Chandeler had stood
at the west window, gazing anxiously down
the road. Sighing deeply, she turned and
looked at her fourteen year old son, Ned, who
was carefully carving a top.

“Oh, Ned,” she cried, “I’m afraid some-
thing has happened and he can’t come. To-
morrow won't seem a bit like Christmas with-
out father—and he was to buy the presents.
What could have happened ?”

“It’s two years since we heard from him,
isn't it?’ asked Ned, in a most matter of
fact tone. “Father only said he could prob-
ably come. Perhaps the colonel had to keep
him, but I know father would come if he
could. We can celebrate somewhow for the
children. They are playing in the attic now,
let’s decide what we can do. TIl get a
Christmas tree right away and we can put the
presents we have on it, when the children are
in bed.”

“That will be fine!’ his mother exclaimed,
apparently brightening. “Take Dobin and
ride over to the north lot. You can get a
good sized tree near the old road and then
let Dobin drag it home.”

As Ned cheerfully picked up an axe and
left the house waving his cap in good-bye,
something in his manner reminded Mrs.
Chandeler of his father. How bravely he had
gone to fight for the cause he thought right
—the cause of the South. ‘Two years had
passed and although his company was en-
camped only four miles away and the men
had not yet been called to action, Captain

Chandeler had not once returned. But he
had promised that if possible, he would spend
Christmas with his family. All day long his
wife had watched the road in hope, but the
sun was setting and < » no sign

of his coming. To be sure an old road from
the camp, lay across the fields by which he
might come, but if he went to the town for
the gifts, he would come by the highway.

In the meantime, Ned had reached the lot
and chopped a tree. He was leading old Do-
bin until he should reach the main road a-
gain, when he suddenly jumped in surprise,
dropped the bridle, and running forward a
few steps, fell on his knees beside the help-
less form of a soldier, weak and wasted from
cold and lack of proper food.

“Oh, father,” Ned cried. “Look at me,
look at me.” But the man made no answer
for he had fallen and fainted just before the
boy saw him.

With difficulty Ned laid the captain on the
fir tree which was dragging behind the horse,
and the little procession started slowly for
the house. As they neared the main road,
Ned heard the regular beat of horses’ hoofs.
At first he was afraid, but when he saw that
the men wore gray uniforms, he waited, re-
spectfully until they should pass. A young
officer, who was in command of the party,
rode in advance of the others, but as he came
up to Ned, he asked if he had seen any de-
serters that day.

“No, sir, I haven't seen a one,” said Ned.
“T—” But before he could finish his sentence,

 

 
; THE ARGO.

20
is and
the soldier had leaped from his horse

stood before the boy. ae
“Sonny, you're lying. Who's that but a

deserter?” he hissed and pointed to the al-
most helpless soldier behind Dobin.

“Sir, you're lying!” cried Ned, drawing
himself up. “That's my father.” /:

The officer's lips curled in scorn. How do
vou know he hasn't deserted? Where is his
note of leave of absence?” he demanded and
quickly searched for it. “Not there—he has
deserted. White, give me the list of descrip-
tions. As far as I remember, this must be
one of the men we are looking for. This is
the one—brown hair, streaked with gray’—
yes,” and he read the whole description.
“Well,” he said as he finished, “we've got our
man—if we find that the eyes are a peculiar
brown when we revive him a little, but we
can’t wait for that now, we must go.”

“But Captain,” interposed Mason, who was
older than the rest, “you haven’t —”

“Mason, I’m doing this,’ he answered
shortly. “Put that man on your horse and
come along.”

As the calvacade trotted away in the gloom,
the young captain turned to the soldier next
to him. “Pretty neat job, wasn’t it? And my
first try at the business,” he laughed.

“Mason said you should have asked the boy
his name,” was the only reply. “So I should,”
exclaimed the crestfallen soldier, “but there
can be no mistake. Our prisoner certainly
answers the descrpition.” He turned and look-
ed back at Ned still standing beside the road.

“It’s wrong,” he was repeating. “It’s wrong.
I hate you,” he shouted after them, “so
there. That’s my father and I know he
didn’t desert.”

_With a heavy heart Mrs. Chandeler met
Ned at the gate. “What happened? I saw
it all from the window.” Running up Ned
poured out the story. Before he had finished
ee s eyes were blazing with indigna-

“Ned Chan _ : foes
dear Tete eae ee out, “don’t you

Se) ather deserted from

the army. No soldier who is a noble gentle-
man and has any idea of honor would desert.
It’s the most cowardly thing a soldier could
do—to leave the army because he didn’t have
quite enough food or a soft enough bed. What

-a brave man that would be! He does not

even deserve the name of man.”

“Madam,” said a low voice behind her. She
started, turned and saw a soldier standing
beside a tree.

“Father—oh, oh—who are you, sir? What
are you doing here ?” asked Ned, stepping in
front of his mother to protect her.

“T can explain everything,” he answered.
“T am the deserter they took your husband for.
Yes, we do look alike and several times the
men, who came to the camp a week ago, have
mistaken one for the other. He was given
leave of absence. I found the card where it
fell from his hat when he fainted. I have
just heard what you think of deserters and I
wish to redeem my honor.”

“You never can,’ Mrs. Chandeler said in
scorn. “Never—you are stamped a coward.”

The unknown soldier before her smiled
faintly, drew himself up to his full height and
said, with a ring of courage in his voice, “I
wil return to the camp and give myself up—
to die.” He turned quickly and disappeared in
the darkness. In silence the mother and son
entered the house, wondering whether this
coward-hero would be in time or—they dared
not imagine what might happen.

Late in the evening, when the children
were asleep and Ned and Mrs. Chandeler
were busily trimming the little Christmas tree
the rapid trotting of horses was heard—first
faintly, then louder and louder. There was a
shout at the gate and the two threw open the
door and rushed into the arms of Captain
Chandeler.

“Merry Christmas, mother,” he cried. “Let
me introduce Captain Mead, my double. Gen-
eral Lee was in camp and pardoned him be-
cause he returned so courageously. And he
has come to spend Christmas with us, for I
know you will be glad to have him.” —’o8.
:

THE ARGO

27

AN EXCITING NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS

 

Two drummer boys, one of the American
army, the other of the British, had, for the
first time, been brought together, on the day
before Christmas, in the mansion of a rich

Patriot of Philadelphia. The Tory youth—

the one with the black hair—was a relative
of the family, with whom he was staying. He

had been wounded deeply across the breast,
and only now was he able to sit up in bed.
The Patriot youth, with lighter hair and blue
eyes, no relative of the host, had been receiv-
ed into the house at the earnest pleadings of
the American officers, until the harsh winter
at Valley Forge should be ended.

At once these two began to quarrel, as
soon as night brought the young Patriot to
his bed in the same room with the sick lad.
Kkach had heard all the camp gossip about the
two opposing commanders, Washington and
Howe. Each adored his own general, be-
cause by boys of their age, if a man is found
to be good, he is at once almost worshipped
as being better than the angels. The Tory
youngster had seen General Washington, be-
fore the war, and heard him speak. At once
he had looked upon him as the man of men,
one whom every boy should adopt as a mod-
el by which to shape his own life. When
the boy discovered that this man was a Pa-
triot leader, his love and respect were turned
to hate, the more violent because it was felt
against a former idol. So each boy could
believe nothing bad about his own.side, and
nothing good about the enemy.

“Go to the other side of your bed, please,
James,” said the Tory lad in a tone of pride
as majestic as King Ceorge himself would
have used, “I can’t sleep with a wicked Pa-
triot fellow, almost touching my elbow!”

“T don’t care, then, whether you sleep or
not, Robert. And you needn’t call me wick-
ed, for I’m better than you, you false Tory.”

“False Tory? Bah! Rebellious, ungrateful,
treacherous Yankee!”

Thus they used all the epithets they had
heard launched against the enemy. Louder
grew their voices. Soon they had exhausted
their supply of the bad names hurled by
grown-ups, and were forced to come down
to those characteristic of boys.

“Pig! Thief!” cried Robert, “with a sot for
a general!”

“Murderer! Tramp!” retorted
“your general is a low dog!”

Really, in their anger they accused each
other of being a strange combination of
criminals all in one—such as robber, counter-
feiter, drunkard, gambler, and kidnapper.
Their raised voices had almost reached the
ears of the Patriot and his wife in their far-
away part of the house; when James sudden-
ly stopped a chain of expletives, and said in
a low, intense voice, “I'll fight you a duel for
this!”

“Willingly !”’ answered Robert eagerly, “To-
morrow morning at sun-rise; from our beds,
for I can’t stand up yet. But what weapons
can we use?”

“Oh, I know where your uncle keeps two
pistols and ball and powder. I will bring them
here very early in the morning.”

Then they arranged in quick, delighted
whispers the necessary plans for the action.
In their excitement they drew nearer to each
other. Then they suddenly remembered that
they were enemies about to engage in a fight

James,

.to the death, and they silently drew apart,

just when they had started telling about all
the duels of their ancestors.

Now what thoughts coursed through each
boy’s mind! James tried to remember how
many of his forefathers had been killed in
duels, and from this to compute by simple
arithemetic his own chances for life. He was

 

(CONTINUED ON PAGE 25,)

 
THE ARGO.

The Argo.

Published Bfonthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matt er.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

es

BOARD OF EDITORS:
HEWETTE E. JOYCE,
Editor-in-Chief.
ANNA P, SCOTT, Alumni Notes.
ALAN D, CAMPBELL, JR,
EVELYN Y. 8. KNOX,
FLOYD B. OLCOTT,
THURLOW C. NELSON, Se
- CIVAN SANEVOORD. KNOX, | News
FREDERICK H. SMITH,
W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
MARGARET R, DALY, Annex.

J. F. MeGOVERN,
VIVIAN C. ROSS,

Literary Editors.

t Business Managers.

Subscription price, per yer, 13 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor in-
Chief, R. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J., aud must be
accompanied with the name ot the author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, stndents, and alumni are must
cordially invited to contribute.

Our football team finished the season on
Noy. 23 with an easy victory over Plainfield
High school. With the exception of the Bor-

dentown game, we have had a very success-

ful season. We won five out of seven games

g
played, but the Poly game was a defeat only
ir 2 . 4 "4 thy ‘
1 the final score, not in anything else. Every-
one who saw the g
better game than Poly did.
be given for the defeat

team had a bad sl]

No excuse can
at Bordentown. The
ump, that’s all. In behalf of
rg0 ¢
and thanks to Captain
Coaches Hall and
worked h

the se Sf
chool, the A xtends congratulations

1 Williams,
Averill, all of w
ard for the

and to

hom have
Success of the team. All

ame said that we played a

the members of the team, also, the
gratulates and thanks for their
on the gridiron. We wish all success toc,
tain Ziegler during next year’s seri As
hope that his team will do even better than
the team did this year.

Argo Con-
800d Work

__.

Beside the Rutgers Prep. varsity, we have
had this year a Junior football team, which de-
serves great praise for its good work, It Was
composed mostly from the second form,
Hoe was the captain, and R. B. Searle Was
manager. This team deserves credit for its
faithfulness in practice, and its excellent play-
ing in games. While they have not been
successful in every game, they have never
failed to acquit themselves well. It is of ad-
vantage to the varsity, also, to know what
these players can do, and without doubt, some
of them will make the school team next year,
or the year after. :

 

Examinations are over, and Christmas va-
cation is drawing near. The -Argo wishes to

all a very Merry Christmas, and a Happy
New Year.

 

ZEIGLER CAPTAIN FOR 1908.

The election for football captain for 1908
tock place at recess on Monday, the twenty-
fifth. Todd and Zeigler were nominated.
Zeigler was elected by a vote of 6-5. The fol-
lowing have won their R. P. in football this
year: Captain Williams, Bauman, — Bissett,
Koehler, Olcott, Smith, ‘Todd, McGovern,
Zeigler, Gross, Helm, Watson, Mosher. The
following men did not win the R. P., but
did good work as subs: Ward, Rowland,
Phinny, Iredell.

 

Teacher (in Ceometry )—“When two fac-
es coincide, what is formed?” :

Pupil (blushing furiously)—“Why
T don't know.”—Ex.

erick:

ee
THE ARGO

AN EXCITING NIGHT
BEFORE CHRISTMAS

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 27.)

 

 

an orphan, so a sudden death would only take
him the sooner to his father and mother. He
imagined that he was about to fight solely in
defense of the name and honor of Washing-
ton. Therefore he firmly believed that his

brothers and sisters would honor him more if .

he were killed in such a duel than if he
should die a natural death like a dumb dog.
His hopes for a glorious end on the field of
battle had been banished by his being sent
away from the army; the duel, therefore,
could not interfere with any such ambitions.
He even envied Robert because he had been
wounded in war. He began to wonder what
place he would be granted in history. At any
rate, live or die, he would go ahead of all
his grandfathers and great-grandfathers, for
they had not begun the practice of duelling
until they were at least eighteen or twenty
years old, and here he was after having stay-
ed only fourteen short years on earth.

Robert, on the other hand, was almost com-
pelled to decide that the main reason for his
undertaking to avenge the slander of Lord
Howe was hate for Washington. Death to
anybody who should stand up for that trai-
tor! Besides, poor Robert had already tasted
of the cup of almost the bitterst human suf-
fering—that caused by the slow healing of a
great ragged wound. He could ngt con-
ceive of dying as being more painful than re-
covering from that sword slash. And_ he
remembered that that raw depression — that
throbbed with such a burning was made by
sharp steel in the hand of a Patriot. Why
should he not hate all Patriots until death had
blotted out all his feelings? And further-
more, the boy really believed that there is a
just Cod who always gives victory to the side
in the right.

The two boys had been brought up to con-
sider duelling as far from violating any law,
divine or human. This explains their not hav-

29

ing even a tiniest fear that they were about to
commit murder.

So the weary hours of darkness passed by ;
and the coming of each and its going were
proclaimed by the clear voice of the great
clock on the front stairs. The night was in-
deed long; but to the boys it seemed days and
days longer, yea almost as long as the years
they had spent under this world’s skies. The
lads could not sleep in their excited swirl of
feelings and thoughts. Poor Robert would
forget his hurt in his fever of waiting, would
Start tossing like any boy strong and well,
then would fall back with a suppressed groan
as agony darted forth through and through
him from that long, livid scar.

All at once James slept for one troubled
minute and dreamed himself through all the
struggles of a slow death. He started awake
with cold, clammy drops of moisture on his
brow. He remembered for the first time that
there is such a thing as a gradual dying even
from wounds received in battles or duels. By
force of will he conquered his opposing pride
and sobbed out, “Robert! I’m sorry for what
I called you! D-don’t let’s fight!”

“Sir,” answered Robert in a haughty tone,
“we have arranged a duel. You gave the
challenge. If you withdraw now you shall be
branded forever as a coward! This is accord-
ing to our grand old English code, which I
thought we agreed to go by. But, pshaw!
Maybe such skulking low-born fellows as you
and George Washington have some other,
meaner code that you use!”

“Robert!” cried James in a voice full of hor-
ror and surprise, as though he had just list-
ened to his own sister shamefully insulted be-
fore his very eyes. Then floods of resistless
pride rolled through his mind and bore away
head-long every other sensation. And down
this tide there floated majestically walls of
wrathful fire, the ignited oil in the stream of
injured feelings.

Morning came; and, by the first faint
streamers of sunlight that were waved glim-
meringly from between the fleeing clouds’

 
 

THE ARGO.

30

i 's’ bed-
. east window of the boys
through the east W
the duel was fought. The oe 2
the stairs was to perform much of the duty

of the men, professionally called seconds, in
duels; and the duellists were

y le’s

grown peop ie: dash
to fire at the third stroke of six o clock. James
who was fortunately left handed, propped up

in bed on his right arm, faced Robert who
was leaning heavily on a pile of pillows and
blankets. The latter’s cheeks kept changing
color from a pale, almost marble hue to a
red flush, as pain or, fever were victorious in
their sharp struggle within him. One! tolled
the clock’s bell very, very slowly as if aware
of the purpose of the boys and determined to
delay the fatal third stroke until something
should interfere to prevent the execution of
the purpose. The boys raised their pistols.
Two!—they aimed. Th-r-ee!— and two shots
rang out simultaneously. But just as Rob-
ert fired he fainted away from suffering; and
so the ball from his pistol struck the ceiling,
and that from James’s pistol pierced a drawer
of the bureau. The smoke still lingering in
the air and coiling in and out like a phantom
serpent, James could only see that his enemy
had fallen back, and he decided that he had
killed him. The euormity of the deed flash-
ed upon him and overwhelmed him. With
a shriek he burst into a raving hysteria.
Everybody in the house was now come in
alarm to the room. Robert became conscious
for a moment, looked wildly arund, and then,
cried out feebly, “Oh uncle! Oh, aunty !
What's the matter with James? It’s all my
fault.” At once he fainted again. Strange,
indeed! The main result of this duel was
that the two boys soon became the dearest
of friends. Yet not so strange will it seem
if you consider that there is a Divine hand
forever guiding the affairs of man and al-
ways bringing good out of evil and light from
the darkest places. :
Se
LEADERS OF SCIENCE.
Louis Agassiz.
Louis Agassiz belonged to

room,

both Europe

and America. He was born in Switzerlang in
1807 and in 1846 came to America, where
the rest of his remarkable life was spent, Ag
a boy he was very fond of pets and had an
aquarium near his house where he kept the
fish which he caught. These pets of his were
a source of great instruction to him as they
were continually bringing up questions to
his mind which he made it his life study to
answer.

At the age of ten, Louis was sent to school
where he soon became one of the best stud-
ents in his class. His favorite studies were
geography, languages and sciences. When
fifteen years old he was sent to college at Lau-
sanne, where he was regarded by all as a
great naturalist. His friends, however, want-
ed him to study medicine or some other defin-
ite profession, thinking that there was no
money in natural history. Accordingly young
Agassiz went to Zurich to study medicine.
There he found that this study brought him
into close contact with the museum of natur-
al history. Often he would sit up all night
copying books which his poverty would not
permit of his owning.

When he was about nineteen years of age
he took his degree at Zurich and went home
to study medicine. By this time his instruct-
ors had spoken so highly of his gifts as a
naturalist that his parents at last decided to
send him to the University of Heidelberg,
where he continued his study of natural his-
tory. About five years after this he publish-
ed a book which at once raised him high in
the estimation of the scientific men of that
time. Tt was a treatise on the fish of Brazil
and was recognized to be the best book ever
Written on that subjec. Some time later he
paid a visit to Paris where he was greatly
honored by the learned men of that city. Hum-
bolt, then the greatest naturalist of the day,
treated Agassiz as if he had been his own
son, :

Several years later, Agassiz, a man_ ofi
twenty-five, was called to fill many important
Professorships in the great universities and
THE

colleges of Europe. When twenty-six he
married the sister of a friend and college
mate of his. She was a clever botanist and
Agassiz owed much of his success to her un-
tiring help and sympathy.

Invitations from noted Americans began
to arrive asking him to come and visit New
England. As he was very busy with all his
teaching and lecturing he deferred his visit
until 1846, when he resigned his offices and
came to America, expecting to remain only a
few months. He at once instituted a course
of lectures which made him so popular that
requests came from all sides to have him
speak. i :
About this time, his wife, whom he had
left in France, died and political troubles in
Switzerland induced him to accept the urgings
of many noted men to make America his per-
manent home. He settled down in Boston
and married the daughter of a famous pro-
fessor. He instituted the famous Museum of
Comparative Zoology in Cambridge, for which
the government granted twenty-five thousand
dollars and his friends one hundred thousand
more. Agassiz spent his time lecturing and
instituting scientific schools and museums.

The strain of his hard work began to tell
on him and in the fall of 1873 after a series
of long lectures, he came home and took to
his bed, from which he never rose again. He
died in December surrounded by a wide cir-
cle of sorrowing friends.

Scientific, o8.

 

MT. PLEASANT M. A., vs
RUTGERS PREP.

On Neilson Field, Saturday afternoon, No-
vember second, the Rutgers Prep. team won
a victory in the rain, over Mt. Pleasant. Con-
sidering the rain and bad condition of the
field, our team played very well.

First Half.

Mt. Pleasant’s kickoff was received by
Smith, who made a short run. First down was
Mmmediately gained by a clever double pass
to Ziegler. Prep. was held till third down,

ARGO
31
che ta aye ea
was forced to kick Tak a on
down the field playin =A ee a
Lathe aa ieee football until
igen wn. The goal was

Mt. Pleasant received the kickoff. After
two attempts to gain through the line a kick
Was tried but failed. Then the ball was lost
to Prep. on a forward pass, after which it
was advanced to within four yards of the
goal line, but Prep. was penalized fifteen
yards for being offside, After several at-
tempts to gain through the line Gross tried
a drop for goal but failed. Mt. Pleasant
punted out from the twenty-five yard line.
After several short gains, Gross broke away
from the scrimmage and ran fifty yards for a
touchdown with McGovern for interference.
The goal was kicked by Williams. Score, 12-0.

Prep. again kicked off. Powell received, but
time was called.

Second Half.

Mt. Pleasant received and after two short
gains punted to Ziegler. The ball was lost
o na fumble but was soon secured again by
Gross on a forward pass. Then Rutgers
Prep., making first down four times, advanc-
ed the ball to the goal line, where Williams

“was sent over. The kick for goal failed, leav-

ing the score 17-0.

Prep. received, but lost the ball on a fumbie
on third down. After making third down Mt.
Pleasant tried a forward pass, but the passer
was tackled by Bissett, thus securing the ball
for Prep. on downs. Then, on a fumble, Koeh-
ler secured the ball and ran over for a touch-
down. “The goal was not kicked.

Prep. kicked off but the whistle blew with
the ball in Mt. Pleasant’s possession. Score
22-0,

Line-up.
At. Pleasant Rutgers Prep.
Left End

IF we lee: ease a cettinoc sees ee eae once Todd
Left Tackle
Wells os osm 4 cae Has Gee Sims Helm

 
 

ee A

ee

32 THE
Left Guard.
A Ck rns wack cee Os Seca Rew Rae Stee Watson
Center
Penny? sda ds 2% sioGinn eset Sees Bissett
Right Guard
Magee .ccssceeeccreereeseseres ss Koehler
Right Tackle.
Coming a.sce ape lab eels ones ee Bauman
Right End.
Ballinger ....-.-seseee recente Mc Govern
Quarterback
Powell! ding c.ceeweeene eos ee gE Smith
Left Halfback
Naylor: sais. cccicielncenes a tenes Ziegler
Right Halfback
Burroughs .....--++eseceeereere te Gross
Fullback
Cassidy: wanna neds. acenaentey Williams
Referee, MacNeil. Umpire, Naylor. Time

of halves, twenty minutes each.
eee
RUTGERS PREP. vs TRENTON MODEL

All the team acquitte dthemselves nobly at
Trenton, but the drop kicking: of Gross and
the tackling of Smith, Bauman and Todd won
the game, while Dolton on ‘Trenton was the
only one that seriously bothered us.

The team and a number of rooters took the
12.18 train to Trenton and arrived there a-
bout one o'clock. After a fifteen minute walk
we reached the grounds and the game was
called at 3 o'clock.

Trenton kicked off to Gross who made a
short run. Williams then kicked to Model
and they returned it. A forward pass gave
Trenton the ball and they attempted a drop
kick, but Bissett blocked the try. Ziegler
caught the ball on a forward pass and made a
twenty yard run. Then we, in turn, lost the
ball on a forward pass, but recovered it in
the same way. We lost it forty yards from
the coveted goal and they kicked to Ziegler
who made a short run. Gross was then given
the ball and made a big gain. They got the
ball on a forward pass and punted. Then
Gross dropped the ball over the bar from the
twenty-five yard line. Score 4-0.

ARGO.

Trenton kicked off to Gros and he passed
it to Williams, who returned the kick. After
a few gains they were forced to kick and lat-
er we were compelled to do the same. Then
the whistle blew and the half was over.

Second Half.

The Preps. kicked off and soon got the ball
on a bad pass. Williams failed to make a
field goal but Todd dropped on the _ ball.
Cross attempted a drop, but failed. They
punted out to Cross who made a short run.
Gross then passed the ball over the line of
scrimmage to Todd and we had to give it up
as it was the third down. State made a long
gain on a forward pass. They were a short
distance from the goal but attempted another
pass over the posts and Gross dropped on the
ball. It was given to him and he made a long
run and Ziegler followed his example. Preps.
were forced to kick. They lost the ball on
a forward pass and recovered it in the same
way. ‘Trenton kicked to us. Olcott took
Cross’s place and Smith made a long run but
Ziegler failed to gain. Olcott made a seventy-
five yard run on a triple pass, but the passes
were doubtful and were were penalized fifteen
yards. Olcott made another big run but we
lost the ball. An onside punt was caught by

Ziegler and this ended the game as time was
up. Score 4-0. .

The line-up was as follows:
Rutgers Prep. Trenton Model

Left End
Toddé sade rio ERG ae Erne Traver

HELIN 5. Sisieccxctetctstaye ctunciass. S10 ees BERN Curchin

Sharpe

IW iESOM rite slocchcvasertrsdicen shel: atelevendxeloneyare
Centre

Bissett)-as oo sie series eee ee o's Walker
Right Guard

oehilerinsticc sis exci ticeea tear aon sions leeds Hill
Right Tackle

Bata: viet wevtoic, doe votteae ees Swain
Right End

MeGovetn: inn: dane tae tes Hildebrecht

 
/

THE ARGO

Quarterback
Fitzgerald

Right Halfback

Smith

Barlow

Left Halfback

cooler, Olcott ...+ sess eee eee Dolton, capt.
as Fullback

Gross, Ziegler

Williams, capt Dobbins

Referee, MacNeil, of Rutgers. Umpire,
Burt of Trenton. Halves, twenty minutes

each.

BORDENTOWN M. I. vs.
RUTGERS PREP.

At Bordentown, on Saturday afternoon,
November sixteenth, Rutgers Prep. was de-
feated by the Bordentown team, with a score
of 21-0. In this game Rutgers Prep. had its
first and only slump of this season.

First Half.

Prep. kicked off but soon secured the ball
from an onside kick. Ziegler then made first
down but the ball was lost on a trick play.
Bordentown pushed steadily down the field,
gaining first down several times and finally
going over the line for a touchdown. The
goal was not kicked.

Prep. received but after making first down
was forced to punt. Prep. soon secured the
ball on a fumble but lost it on a forward pass.
Then, gaining first down several times, Bor-
dentown made a touchdown on a forward
pass. The kick for goal failed. Score 10-0,
in favor of Bordentown.

dordentown kicked off, secured the ball,
lost it on a fumble, then time was called.

Second Half.

Bordentown kicked off and after securing the
ball on downs, made several gains but lost it
In the same way. After Olcott had made fif-
teen yards Prep. was held for downs. Borden-
town made an onside kick and then rushed
the ball over for a touchdown. The goal was
kicked making the score 16-0.

yards.

33
Prep. receiy

ed but was f
ter several g: S Torced to punt. Af-

? D>
ains Bordentown Succeeded in

going over for a touchdown. ” 3 :
ed. Score 21-0, n. The kick fail-

Bordentown, receiv:
forced to punt. Pre
the ball dow

ell but was held and!
p then steadily advanced
nthe field, gaining first down
uMice but time was called with the ball in
Preps. posession.

Line-up ;

o

B. M. I. Rutgers Prep.
Left End.

DOANE nc raeitee patteetense Todd
Left Tackle.

Pleninerdell © ses sects este & cl pac Helm
Left Guard.

Van Winkle Watson

Center.

DBIACK Cisacis/ ai oneal ak ae ee es Ward
Right Guard

Miles, «nrsiceunicauieet las Koehler
Right Tackle

ODA PAN yoy nes shesa-s Rogie aes wearer Bauman
Right End.

BrOWNE se sence esneck sce le Mc Govern
Quarterback.

SCUATE Foc fat eka seein wee tearsier Smith

BIG. secs Stayerecade une wees Peek a Ziegler

SUID Wea corsserste|eusan ofonencesbs (ofevessuelei ane sxiv 3 Gross
Fullback.

EWI oss devas Sos versateies oat see Williams

Umpire, Watson. ‘Timekeeper, — Lyall.

Halves, 25 and 20 minutes.

RUTGERS PREP. vs. PLAINIELD H. S.

On Saturday, Nov. 23 our team won an
easy victory over Plainfield High school at
Plainfield. At no time was our goal in dan-
ger and when time was called the score stood
45-0 in our favor.

First Half.
Plainfield won the toss and receiving the

ball on her fifteen yard line ran it back ten
Prep. secured the ball on a fumble
 

THE ARCO.

34

and with two long gains by Olcott and ed
; ied over for a touch
liams, the ball was carrie :
Williams missed the goal. Score 5 Oo.

Prep. kicked off to Plainfield who sara
to gain kicked to Prep., who fumbled the ba
going to Plainfield. On an attempted for-
ward pass Gross secured the ball and ran fifty
yards for a touchdown. Williams missed the
goal. Score 10-0. Williams made a sixty yard
kick off and as the ball was not downed. he
was forced to kick over again. Plainfield
could not gain so kicked to Smith who re-
turned ten yards. Prep. made thirty yards
on a forward pass and Williams went over
for a touchdown. Goal was kicked. Score 16-
O:

down.

Plainfield kicked to Koehler on the 30 yard
line and failing to gain Prep. kicked to Mur-
phy. Plainfield kicked to Prep., who fumbled,
Plainfield securing the ball. They punted
over the goal line and Williams returned it.
Prep. got ball and Williams returned it. Prep.
got ball on downs and Olcott made a sixty
yard run. Cross added fifteen more and Wil-
liams went over for a touchdown and kicked
the goal. Score 22-0.

Second Half.

Plainfield kicked off to Gross. Todd made
forty yards, Gross and McCovern brought
the ball to the ten yard line where Olcott took
it over for a touchdown. Williams missed the
goal. Score 27-0,

Prep. kicked to Plainfield and on an_at-
tempted forward pass Ziegler got the ball and
Tan sixty yards for a touchdown,
kicked the goal. Sccre 33-0.

Williams kicked to Plainfield’s five yard line
Failing to gain they punted to Ziegler. Prep.
lost ball on a forward pass but soon fumbled
to Gross for a touchdown. Williams kicked
goal. Score 39-0.

Williams kicked off to Plainfield, who soon
lost the ball on a forward pass. Ziegler made
a forty yard end run for a touchdown Wil.
liams kicked the goal. Score 45-0.

At this point,

Williams

although eight minutes re-

mained to play, the game was called on ac.
count of darkness. The line-up:

Plainficld : Rutgers Prep,
Left End.
Doane s-isees caves sce Todd, (Mosher)
Left Tackle.
Fotuntain sais nduwind ¥-eetene ends woe ack Helm
Left Guard.
MIOEriSS: °secorsts oushexens-e 8 Watson, (Rowland)
Centre.
Pleming® sasazesveadishe e orciontre enihs Bissett, (Ward)
Right Guard.
Sewell 62. years nieyerya: itis Stolensle Geis Koehler
Right Tackle
Colleh. ccs dk Ae a vs FS Hs Baumann
Right End.
Phillips sé stones ees esos sees McGovern
Quarterback.
Loizeaux: (Rifkert)s-gicnar set deste Smith
Left Halfback.
IMU DAY sezek- secs te esap ovat intel Ziegler, (Olcott)
Right Halfback.
3inghaman, (Coldell) .............. Gross
Fullback.
Diynass) ts 2ls.8. ereecsvon eeu Williams

Touchdowns—Williams 3, Cross 2, Zieg-
ler 2, Olcott. Goals, Williams 5. Timekeeper,
Joyce; Referee, Mr. Hall. Time of halves, 20
and 20 minutes.

 

 

FOOT BALL RECORD FOR 1907.
Rutgers Prep., 14; Boys’ High, o.
Rutgers Prep., 5; Poly Prep., 6.

Rutgers Prep., 4o; Hudson River M. A., 0.
Rutgers Prep., 22; Mt. Pleasant, o.
Rutgers Prep., 4; Trenton Model, o.
Rutgers Pr-p., 0; Bordentown, 21.

Prop., 45; Plainfield High, o.
Total score, Rutgers Prep., 130; opponents,
27: :

Rutgers Prep. won five out of seven games,
and lost two.

Rutgers

 

FOOTBALL. 1907.
Tune—"Soldicr’s Farewell.”
Our football now is ended,
Our score is simply splendid,
 

THE ARGO

well defended,

coal so
ee cheer be blended.

Let cheer on

Frain— :
er a hail! all hail! our glorious team!

All hail! all hail! our glorious team!
Oh here's to Captain Williams,
In al lof our opimions
He’s sure to score his millions,
Helped on by loyal minions.
Refrain—
And here’s to Gross, our halfback,
We've seen him down the whole pack—
Those teams they courage lack
With Ziegler on their track.
Refrain—
Our Quarter Smith’s a wonder,
He knocks them all to thunder,
And Koehler makes no blunder
But tears their line asunder.
Refrain—
And here’s to Bauman scrappy,
You never find him nappy,
And sturdy Mack’s so happy.
As he downs his man so snappy.
Refrain—
In Watson, our left guard,
Bissett has found a pard,
While “Pop Helm” hits them hard.
We gain our final yard.
Refrain—
There’s Todd, our watchful end,
He’s sure their line to rend—
When we a sub must send
On Olcott we depend.
Refrain—
Our subs without a frown,
Have always stayed in town
To help us gain our downs
And thus we've won renown.
Refrain—

 

THE TENNIS TOURNAMENT.

In the last number of the Argo, the results
of the first round in the tennis tournament
Were given. The tournament has now been
finished, Prentiss ’08, won the first prize,
which was a very handsome silver cup. The

A. Prentiss beat P. Prentiss, 6-0
Williams beat Phinny, 6-3, 6-1.
Smith beat Miss Tower. a
Semi Finals—Prentiss
6-3, 6-2.
Williams beat Smith, 6-4, 6-3.
ete beat Williams, 4-6, 6-4,
Consolation Round—Nelson beat
5-7:
Dunham beat Joyce 3-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Reeves beat Campbell 6-2, 6-3.
Prof. Hall beat Searle, 6-4, 6-0.
Nelson beat Dunham, 6-3, 4-6, 6-4.
Reeves beat Prof, Hall, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2.
Reeves beat Nelson, 6-1, 9-7, 6-0.

beat Prof, Wilbur,

Knox,

 

ANNEX NOTES
THE FIRST CHRISTMAS TREE

In the depths of a northern forest a strange
little company was gathered. It was night,
but their faces could be plainly seen for there
was a large fire. There were warirors in ar-
mor, old men in fur coats, women in white,
and little children in lamb skins. Their faces
were filled with fear and sorrow. Their har-
vest had failed; their warriors had been beat-
en in battle; many of them were sick with a
disease that none could cure; and the days
were short and cold. The people thought
their God was angry. They were going to
prepare a sacrifice. This is why they had
gathered here under a large oak, which was
their sacred tree.

Whlie they were getting ready, a company
of men came toward them. The leader sprang

upon their altar and said “Tam going to |

teach you a new worship.” Then he cut down
the oak and took a small fir tree that pointed
to the stars. “See,” he said, “how it points to
the sky. Let us take it to the chieftain’s hall.

So they took the tree and went ina joyful

procession to the chieftain’s hall, where they
 

THE ARGO.

36

and kindled lights among its
s filled the room, and
of the first

set up the tree
branches. Its sweet odor:
the company listened to the story

Christmas.
Now in many lands ¢

fir trees at Christmas time.

hildren gather around

Eleanor Lewis.

2 Se
KING ARTHUR.

None of the old hero stories are so inter-
esting as that of Arthur, who as the story
goes, was King of Britain before the English
ever came into it, before America was discov-
ered, and while Rome was still the greatest
city in the world. King Arthur was the hero,
who in time of troubles and wars brought
peace to his land and who did good every-
where.

The king had selected the City of Camelot
in Wales as the place where his court should
be held. Here he gathered together all the
good and noble men of the land and made
them knights of the Order of the Round Ta-
ble. This company of knights received its
name from the large round table at which
they sat. It was large enough to seat one hun-
dred and fifty knights and had been given by
King Arthur’s father to King Leodegrance.
When King Arthur asked the hand of Queen
Guinevere in marriage, King Leadegrance, her
father, presented it in turn to him. Merlin,
the magician and great friend of King Ar-
thur built a beautiful castle at Camelot and all
the knights with their families came and lived
with King Arthur.

The first month that King Arthur and all
the court spent at Camelot all the people made
the city beautiful for their king. They kept
the streets strewn with flowers, processions
were passing to and fro, and when the king
was in sight all the bells rang joyously. :

When the weather was beautiful tables
would be set under the trees on the sward and
has hiker Hee ee

year, as Christmas, Pente-
sand Ascrson Dy were not so greta
g and his people. Cer-

tain days were given to the tournaments
where combats took place between famous
knights. At the end of a certain time the One
who showed himself the strongest receiyeq
prizes from the ladies. In this month of
feasting and enjoyment squires would pe
made knights with a great deal of ceremony,

The squires would have to take an oath to
help all who were in trouble, to do right and
to have the faith of God.

After the end of the month the knights of
the Round Table went to right wrongs. All
who were in trouble came for help to the
king and to the whole country. King Ar-
thur’s court was known as a place where jus-
tice, peace, and kindness reigned.

King Arthur's Round Table lasted for
years. ‘There were many good knights in his
court, but still there were some traitors, too.
A knight was supposed to honor his king and
the church, to fight the enemy of good, to tell
the truth, to protect women and to be merci-

ful to the weak.
Margaret R. Daly.

ALUMNI NOTES.

’87, Rev. Mr. Cone preached to the congre-
gation of Christ Church, of this city, on No-
vember the eleventh.

‘95, Dr. Laurance P. Runyon is practicing
medicine in New Brunswick.

96, Waldo A. Titsworth is an assistant in
Wisconsin University.

98, Dr. Howard C. Voorhees is practicing
medicine in this city.

‘03, Miss May Demarest was graduated
from Holyoke College in June, 1997.

'05, C. Corbin was recently elected capt—in
of the Rutgers football team for next year.
This will make four successive years in which
a graduate of Rutgers Preparatory School has
been captain of the team. Green ‘02, was
captain for one year; Fisher, ’o4, for twe
years.

‘06, ex-’06, Miss Wilbur and Miss Cook
Spent their Thanksgiving vacation in New
Brunswick.
THE ARGO

6, Elberson and Rutgers are in business
‘06, + io
-. New York city.
in oe Nicholas is a substitute on the Navy
‘06
de team at Annapolis.

all : .
fea Cox is attending Renselaer Polytechnic
06, LO?

Institute. ;

Ex-'09, Whitehead has been attending the
Bordentown Military Academy,

ex-’09, Lenz, is attending the New Bruns-
wick Business College. been

ex-'00, Gustavo Franklin is a director of
the “Base Ball Herald,” an enterprising week-
ly of Caracas, Venezuela.
“Dr. E. H. Cook, headmaster of Rutgers
Preparatory School from 1888 until 1890, died
recently, at his home in Wisconsin.

 

SCHOOL NOTES.
C-ll, (translating in the Aeneid) “Rais-
ing high his hissing tail.”
C—n—"Turn your minds to the left.”

S—r—"Dressed in wreaths for the occa-
sion.”

Does J—e spell triple beaks, “trippul beex ?”

The teacher was one morning in a_ pro-
phetic mood. He said “the Latin
expression ‘multi praeterea’ is just the same
as our English expression ‘and others.’ For in-
stance, we shall some day read in the paper
about a great banquet at which were pres-
ent "Ex-Senator Joyce, the famous Clergy-
man Stier, Multi-Millionaire Campbell, the
Hon. Mr. Ross, Judge Chamberlin, and oth-
ers,”

C—n (in English class) —“How was that?
Did the sand float 2”

J—e, (translating Latin) “The priest plac-
€s a broad grove near the tomb of Anchises.”

What a mighty man that priest must have
been!

C—Il (at the dinner table), “I was writ-

Mg at the board, when suddenly I heard a
dead silence.”

> 6% q i
Be Steam is water which has gone
‘razy with the heat.”

R. Montalvo, In

ELLS

PALDING’S GoOODs
PORTING

ALSO

SHEET MUSIC

At New York Prices
Strings For All Musical Instruments

$1.00 DOWN

SECURES AN
EDISON PHONOGRAPH, VICTOR
TALKING MACHINE

Violin, Mandolin, Guitar or Banjo

R. MONTALVO, Jr.

209 Neilson St. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

The Landsberg Store

1, 2, 3 and 4 King Block.
New Brunswick’s only Department
Store, including Full Line of

MEN’S FURNISHINGS.

a |
THE ARGO.

38

A member of the fourth form Latin class,
when translating at sight, said that a certain
horse had a white tail. ‘The word that per-
son translated as “tail’ is the word meaning
“fore-head,” and from the stem of this word
we derive our English word “front.” Do you
wonder that the teacher asked if horses in
those days wore their tails hanging from their
fore-heads ?

A Fourth Form student wrote this sentence
on the blackboard, in a notice about athle-
tics, “Nobody can wear the R. P. without they
have won it.”

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
receipt of the following exchanges since the
last issue: ‘The Academy Journal, The Acro-
polis, the Advocate, the Cardinal, the Cutler
Fortnightly, (2), the Echo, the Erasmian,
Legenda, The Mercersburg News, The Oracle,
The Poly Prep. Magazine, Shucis, Spectator,
The Sunnyside, (2), Swarthmore Preparatory
School Quarterly, The Targum, The Tome,
The Valkyrie, West Jersey Aéademian.

 

Raincoats,

 

 

John P. Wall

TAILORING..

 

 

HIGH GRADE

15Churck St.

New Brunswick
N. J.

Special
Discount
To Students

 

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men's figures are

studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That's why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits,
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

$12 to $40

. °

» 7 1D te $39

Clothiers, Hakerdashers, Hatters.

JACOB REED’S SONS
1424-1426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia

Ep Pe
 

THE ARGO.

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

= 420 George street <<

eens

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap,

Combs, Brushes
Soda and Milk Shakes,

 

LOUIS LEITHEISER, GONG ni. 5

Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROS.,
For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St.,

Sporting Goods.
New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 Dennis STREET.

 

RUTGERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON.AVE.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

tion the Argo.
When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please men

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A.M., Ph.D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ROBERT E. LEWIS, A.B., Vice Principal, English and History.
CLINTON B. WILBUR, A.B., Greek, English, French.
CHARLES E. HALL, A.B., Mathematics.
H. HARRISON AVERILL, A.B., Science Master.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Se.M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A.B., German.
MISS HELEN SEARLE, A.B. Latin.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKED.
MISS ADELINE L. TOWER,
Instructors.

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master.

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 
