 

 

 

EST
GAUDIUM

 

 

 

Published Monthly by the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School,

Volume XVIII February Number Five

 

 
THE ARCO.
ret

Rutgers ic oll ege and Rutgers Scientific Schoo!

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

 

 

LASSICAL DEPARTMENT
Is Broad and Thorough

THE C

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT,

and py arevisionand en} “ throughout the he N
1 facilities for Elective Courses throug isthe New Jersey State College for the bei
"Funler and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, ture and oe Mechanic Arts. nefit of Agricule
5 n s Departmen here are six f
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, leading to the first degree in science, B. x fall courses, each
History, Political Science, Philosophy, . A Course in Agriculture.
emistry and Biology. ‘A Course in Civil Engineering and M chanics,
A Course in Chemistry.

argementof the curriculum, affords

1
Physics, Ch z
In this Department, on the completion of the ffull four 4 A Course in Electricity.
including Greek, the candidate recieves 5. A Course in Biology.
6. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.

years’ requirements

the degree of A. B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements not aren tos degree. hes |

in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for | 5 yy Lig re oreey other information, address IRVING
W. HS. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., President.

Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING

Of Every Description.

B.U. TAPKEN,

JEWELER,
A Tinta eS Cae Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

Made to Order.

Anda short course of two years in Ceramics which does

 

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS AND JACKETS, TADUSS, RUSSES emt ew srocx or DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P. J. Young Dry Goods, Co., 7 CHURCH STREET.

W =,
hen patronizing the stores advertised 1n our columns, please mention the Argo.
THE ARGO. Ill

PAUL F. WILLIAMS.

FARMS BOUGHT, SOLD, RENTED AND
EXCHANGED

 

 

349 GEORGE ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWART’S HAT STORE

(Established 75 Years)

CAPS, DRILL GLOVES, AND FURNISHINGS
CHURCH STREET, NO. 29.

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

PEPHPHHH HH

PVPSPHSDLGHH HHS HoH aS
POHSEH HHO

 

 

9 Peace Sr. New Brunswick.
O. O. STILLMAN, ILS. VAN DERVEER

JEWELER AND OPTICIAN,
Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins P h otogra p h e r

Made to Order, Curd Engraving and Wedding
Invitations,

45 CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.

S. ZIMMERMAN | L. VOLKERT,
BARBER Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND F&F ISHES | _ 869 GEORGE STREET,

381 GEORGE Sr; : New Brunswick, N. J.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the ‘Argo.
THE ARGO.
S PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

——

W. R. REED,

NERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY

RUTGER

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIO
DESCRIPLION.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

380 GEORGE STREET,

Sweaters, LYONS & PARKER, Athletic Wear

1 Paterson Block.

Jerseys,
Clothiers and Furnishers

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

417 George St.

« crater} WILLIAM J. S NGS,

Rutgers Prep. School

 

 

 

HAGAMAN

For styles that lead—we
are well known. No bet
ter Clothing made than

Stein Block for the price ss

Shoe Stores.

Headquarters for Sweat- A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.
ers. Repairing Neatly Done.
No. | Peas 90: (Chine: Street | Church | Street Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
 

 

 

Tous XVIU.

oa SMALL HERO-WORSHIPPER. “2
2~——__

we Ytcx (A A (te

The sod of a distant tramp, wes stole
into the silent room where Davy Eustace and
his father sat. The young boy, dropping his

reader, ran to the window and looked out.
“Oh! father,” he cried, “The British soldiers
are coming out of Princeton and my soldiers
are crossing the bridge. Will there be a bat-

tle—a real live battle—and can I see it?”
“Sure enough, here they come,” said Mr.
Eustace, almost as excited as his son. “They'll
meet just about here—but we can’t stay. We

will go to the town. Hurry and get your
things together.”

“Can't [ see it?”
appointed.

“It won’t be safe to remain here. We
might be killed. Tell the slaves to get ready
too, Davy.” As Davy left the room, Mr. Eus-
tace turned to the table, took a key from the
drawer and unlocked a strong box containing
some bags of gold. In this he placed the most
valuable things from about the room. ‘Then
wrapping his long cloak about him, for it was
winter—the third of January—he picked up
the box and left the room, locking the door.
The slaves and Davy were waiting for him
outside. ‘The shutters had been closed and
the doors bolted. Nothing more could be
done to protect the house.

The little party turned toward the town of
Princeton, about a mile away. *

“Go through the fields,” said Davy’s father.
“The soldiers take up all the road.”

Poor Davy went reluctantly, looking back

asked Davy, greatly dis-

NEw SEUNSW IGN: N, = FEBRUARY

» 1907.

at “his” soldiers continually. Mr. Eustace was
entirely indifferent to the claims of either the
British or the Americans, but his ten-year-old
son was a firm Patriot. ‘The slaves had often
taken him to Princeton, where he had s@en and
talked with some American prisoners held by
the British, who were in possession of the
town. Davy had immediately become a Pa-
triot and now had the highest possible admir-
ation for George Washington and his men.

As they proceeded, the path led through the
woods. Davy was walking by the side of his
old colored mammy, Mandy. Suddenly the
quiet of the woods was broken by the hooting
of an owl. Old Mandy jumped and said to
the little boy, “Dat am a bad sign, chile, bad
luck for somebody. Why, I reckon somebody
am gwine to get beat!”

“Who, Mandy? Who is going to be beaten?
Not my soldiers?” Davy cried, with distress
in his voice.

“No,” Mandy reassured him, “De soldiers
what am in dese woods, dem is de ones what'll
get beat.”

Davy left her and ran ahead to his father.
“Did you hear the owl, father?” he asked.

“Yes, what of it?”

“Mandy says—and she knows—it’s a bad
sign for an owl to hoot in the day and she
says the old British will be beaten,” he said
triumphantly.

“Bother Mandy and her signs! She’s mak-
ing you superstitious and you are beginning
to make me so, too. Stop talking and think-
ing of such things.”

When the fugitives came into the town, Mr.
46

Eustace asked a guard where the safest re-
frge would be. /
“Other end of the town. - Nassau Hall
would be a good place. You may go there if.

you like,” answered the guard.

Mr. Eustace led the slaves and Davy to the
Hall. Most of the negroes were afraid to g9.
indoors, so Mandy was the only one to follow
her master and Davy.

The booming of cannon could already be
heard. Davy was mournful, for right in front
of his own house a real battle was being
fought and he was not there to see it.

Mr. Eustace, who was standing near a win-
dow, turned and said, “The British must be
retreating, for the noise grows louder and I
have seen some cannon balls.”

Davy was very much excited and ran to
the window near his father. “My soldiers are
going to beat, I know.”

Not long after, hurried steps were heard
near the door. Davy and his father faced
about and saw a regiment of British soldiers
entering the room. .

“What news?” asked Mr. Eustace.

The officers answered, “Washington is win-
ning. All our troops have retreated. We
thought it best to get away as quickly as pos-

sible, so here we are.”

“Cowards,” muttered Mr. Eustace. “Tf the
rest of the British are like you, I'll side with
the Patriots.” /

“See, father, Washington is going to beat.
That old king’s men are retreating.” Davy
pointed scornfully at a large portrait of
George LI, which hung on the opposite wall.
“My Washington is going to beat,” he re-
peated. “Now, wasn’t Mandy right about the

oe

owl?
The soldiers, much to Davy’s disgust,

laughed loudly. “Maybe he won’t beat in the

end, you don’t know,” said one of the officers

tauntingly. ,
“Yes, I-do know,” cried Davy, in a pas-

sion.

THE ARGO.

“How?” sneered a soldier.

“Cause’—said Davy, but his reason was
never told, for at that moment there was a
crash at the window behind him. A cannon
ball shot across the room, tore through the
portrait of His Majesty—beheading him—anq
imbedded itself in the wall. (The same frame
now holds a portrait of George Washington.)

“It's a sign! De king will fall,” cried Man-

dy.

The soldiers looked at the headless portrait,
then at one another and back again to the
picture. Was the old woman right?
There was a silence more expressive than
speech, for everyone was asking himself this

same question.
The door was flung open and in rushed a

breathless messenger. ‘All faces turned tow-

ard him. “We are defeated,” he gaspel.
“Defeated!” Again-each man logked from
the portrait to the face of one of his fellow
soldiers. ‘The old woman’s prediction was al-
ready coming true. The officers talked in @
group by themselves. One turned to the mes-

_senger and asked where Washington and his

army were. “Coming through the town,” was
the answer.

“My men, will you agree to surrender?”
asked the colonel. “Perhaps we officers are
superstitious, but we think now it’s a hope-
less fight.”

“We agree,” answered the soldiers, with
one voice.

“My Washington is coming now,” cried
Davy from the window, where he had stood.
struck with wonder ever since the cannon ball
had crashed into the room.

The soldiers silently marched out into the
street. Davy and his father following. Wasn-
ington halted near and received the surrender
of the regiment that had taken refuge |
Nassau Hall.

Davy stood speechless with delight.
admiration for Washington increased, if that
were possibie. But as he saw the soldiers 4

His
THE ARGO. 47

their ragged uniforms he pitied them.
Eustace also looked on with pity.

Suddenly Davy pulled his father’s hand and
eagerly said, “Father, can I give them the
sovereign I got for my birthday?”

“No,” was the gruff reply.

“Oh, please! It’s my very own,” Davy
urged. “Please!” :

“Give your general—no, our general—
this,” Mr. Eustace said, taking two of the
bags from the box which he had carried be-
neath his coat. “And, Davy, give him my loy-
alty. 1 declare Mandy’s superstition has a
strong hold on me.”

Davy could hardly believe his ears. Why,
ali that money would make the army so rich

Mr.

that it would never need a thing, he thought.
Away he ran to his big general. He stood
before the great man; and as he was about
to ride away, cried out: “Here, father sent
this to you with his—his loyalty.” A soldier
came forward and, lifting Davy up, let him
give his offering to his idol.

As the victorious army marched away, Davy
and his father stood with hands clasped, smil-
ing into each other’s face.

“My general will win, won’t he?” asked
Davy, with confidence.

“Yes,” said Mr. Eustace. “Our general will
win.” For now that he had seen the noble
leader, he was a true Patriot through and
through. 08.

 

__YALE-HARVARD RACE. _

 
 
  

ck

It was at a meeting of Yate grdduates.
There had been eating and smoking,
eating and more smoking, and now had come
the time for telling stories. Stories whica
brought back many memories to the men,
were told by ex-foot-ball captains, by ex-
captains of the crew, and by other famous
athletes. Finally Jack Camp, an ex-coxswain.
was called upon. His name brought a storm
of applause, as he was noted for his story
telling.

He rose slowly. “Well, fellows,” he began,
“LT think I'll tell you about an experience |
had at a Yale-Harvard boat-race, two years
after my graduation. As you all know, while
I was in college | was coxswain on the *var-
sity for three years, so I have always taken
a great deal of interest in the races.

“Well, I went with my aunt and my sister
to see this particular race. We took a very
late train from New York, and didn’t get t»
our destination until two in the morning. We
were all dead tired. My aunt and my sister
went to a hotel, but of course, I wanted to

sleep with the boys.

 

So I took a room not
far from the hotel, next to some Harvard
men.

“When I woke up, the sun was shining in
through the window. 1 was afraid ‘that I
had slept so long that I would be late for the
race, so I quickly jumped out of bed. To my
amazement, my watch and clothes had disap-
peared. I went to the door and found it
locked. ‘Then I understood. Those Harvard
men had thought it a fine joke to steal my
clothes and watch, and to lock me in my room;
and worst of all, the race might be going on
at that very moment! Yale might be win-
ning, and I wasn’t there to yell.

“Then [ pounded on the door, and shouted
until I was hoarse. After what seemed to me
to be hours, I heard a light footstep in the
hall. Then I heard someone outside the
door. A soft voice said, ‘Say, Jack, is. that
you?’ It was my sister. ‘For goodness sake,
sis, let me out. I must see that race.’ “What

 

(CONTINUED ON PAGE 50.)
48

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

WILLIAM H. MAC DONALD,
Editor-in-Chief.

RAYMOND J. HENDRICKSON, Alumni Notes.

ALAN D. CAMPBELL. Jr.,
FLOYD BO TELLE, tN
SEWETTE E. JOYCE, — ala
W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
ANTON RAVEN, Jn., Annex Notes.

DUMONT F. ELMENDORF.
TRACY 8S. VOORHEES, { Business Managers.

Literary Editors.

 

Subscription price, per year, 45 cents.
All communications should be addres:
Chief, R. P- Ss. New Brunswick, N. J. au

accompanied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.

he school, students,

Officers of t
tally invited to contribute.

sed to the Editor in-
d must be

and alumni are must

cord

 

 

The fourth form oration subjects are posted.
fully copied, plac-

Already they have been care
places

de of books, and carried oif to
ighland Park, to Millstone,

jority of the seniors can

ed insi
far distant—to H
to Milltown. Am
now see the end/of
at Prep. School.AiBut oh,

speak them,” we hear said.
our own writings than some one

eir formal written work
if I didn’t have to
Is it any harder

to speak y
It shouid not be. The power of decla-

rth form is good and the

ld be made co equal it.

else’s?
mation in the fou
ver of oration shou

pov
close of school, w

At the

e will! have had two’

THE ARGU,

years of practice in declamations and

of practice in orations. Let us stri one year
come the disadvantages of lack area © over.
hard work and may our ability a »
equal our ability in the other, one line

as

On Monday, January 28, a series of debat
es

began. The question debated was: “Reso]
ie 4 os 2 SO. -
ed, That the government should control

railroads in the United States.” These deb,

are held in the English Room during the a
period every two weeks. This is something
new for Prep. schogl. , Although in old records
we read of deWatirg\societies. in more recent
years this bran
up. By the interest shown in the first debate
the scheme promises to be a success. T ie
arguments used were good and the speakers
for the most part did as well as could be ex-
pected. In the future there is a prospect of
having picked speakers of the third and fourth

of work has not been taken

forms debate before the school.

 

A. J. Walter, class of 1893, now has in his
possession an old record book of the Gnodldi

Society. dating back to 1848, which he pro-

poses to place in the archives of the college.

The Cnoaldi Society was a debating club of
the Rutgers Grammar School, formed sixty

and thie |records are of great in-

years ago,

terest. Mr. \ falter\ found the book in the
; nl ‘ Lye

possessio one of his parishioners, who

eciate its historical value and

a scrap book. Mr. Walter
ed over the

failed to appr

used part of it as
intends to remove the scraps past

leaves and to restore the records to those mcs-

interested in their preservation.
THE ARGO,

ALUMNI NOTEs,.

 

As surprised as we were on coming back to
school in finding that our French teacher had
retired, we were still more surprised on learn-
ing of her marriage. The following announce-

ment of the wedding was printed in the New
York Times:

    
   

Corbin—Cary—On

ajuary 17, at the
Church of the ASce

n, Fifth avenue and
Tenth street, b ev. R. G. Quennell,
Charles Lyon Cosbjr, of Metuchen, N, J., and
Miss Sarah Flagler Cary, of Binghamton,
NuUY:

We extend our heartiest congratulations to
Mr. and Mrs. Corbin. .

 

Soon after the Christmas holidays, Mr.
Blanchard, our Latin instructor, resigned his
position in our school, and has accepted a
position with the publishers, Harper and
Brother. His work has been in part taken by
Miss Helen Searle, 1901, of our school.
Though sorry to lose our old instructor, we
feel fortunate in his successor. \

91, Robert K. Painter is superint
manager of San Carlos Cone
/

San Jose, Mexice.

ndent and
npany at

‘94, Francis K. W. Drury, Resident Lectur-
er of the Illinois State Library School, de-
. livered, during December, a three weeks’
course on “Advanced ‘I'rade Bibliography.”

‘95. W. Frank Plumley is practicing medi-
cine at Worcester, NY.

‘95. C. Frederick Neilson, has been admitted
into the firm of Williams and Nicholas, bond
and stock brokers.

Dr. W. Newton, a former instructor of La-
tin in Prep. School, and for nearly two years
acting professor, hes recently been appointed
Professor of German in Rutgers College.

96, J. Bayard Kirkpatrick, Jr., recently re-

49

Signed his _ position in the
Trust Company,

06. Arthur Stanley Riggs visited the school
recently, Mr. Riggs has lately visited the
Philippines and is now in New York.

96, Frank Eckerson, a missionary in Tong-
an, Amoy, China, reports everything progress-
Ing in his territory. Mr. Eckerson has complet-
ed his third year in Amoy, has mastered the
Chinese language well enough for his pur-
Pese, and is a great exponent in the devolping
of that part of China.

97, The marriage of Dr. Langstroth to
Miss- Frances Buttler has been announced.

‘99, Raymond Harmon-Ashley is engaged
as chemist with the Harrison Paint Company
of Philadelphia. Last June Ashley took a de-
gree of Ph.D. in chemistry, at Yale.

‘o4, In the pamphlet issued from Harvard,

“Winners of Academic Distinctions.” appears
the name Minturn Verdi.

New Brunswick

‘05, Charles Corbin gave a toast on “New
Brunswick,” at the Sophomore banquet held
at Newark.

‘06.-Thomas A, Allen, Jr., is associated with
his father, Thomas Allen, the tobacco import-
er, of Rahway.

Fisher, ‘04, Corbin, ‘05, and Cox, ’06, won
their right to wear the “R” in college football
last season.

ex-'07, Raymond J. Hendrickson, Alumni

Editor of the Argo, has left school on account
of weak eyes.

 

NOTES ABOUT SCHOOL.

 

Prof. Mills—When was Tennyson born?

M--s—r—tigo2. ¢
R-s_Reginniag © translate Xenophon,

“and, therefore, alsobut—”

 

M—y—, translating German—Sie Mochte
50

nicht reden horen von sein Blick. She did
not like to hear them talk about his red hair.

 

Another third form translation—Cyrus ‘did
not shrink from a bear, but embrace it.

We know it is not the right thing to look
over the papers in a waste basket, but when
a waste paper comes to a person by accident,
he cannot help noticing it. The following is
a —? on the eye, written by a person of the
second form well versed in that subject.

The eye is a small orgen in the head used
for seeing some people wear glasses on ac-
count of there eyes being week or strong. The
little black spot is the pupil. When a person
gets cross-eyed the muscles are drawn to-
gether. When a person stayes up to late at
night and reads the following A. M. his eyes
are stuck together.

May Moses help Mr. Powell!

What an authority in ancient languages the
students of Rutgers Prep. are becoming! We
hear that C—r—n is soon going to publish a
Greek Grammar.

In fourth form Latin—Dido, the deserted
lover, went about tearing her hair and beat-
ing her breast with her feet. Terrible, wasn’t
it?

 

Dr. Payson—“The name of what vehicle in
which all may ride is derived from omnia?”
C—r—n—" Automobile.”

Please excuse the fewness of the notes; the
writer is cramming American history,

YALE-HARVARD RACE.

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 47.)

 

were you yelling so for, Jack?’ ‘Let me out,
quick,’ [ said. ‘Why, what's the matter, Jack ?
‘Let me out, unlock the door, what time is it,

THE ARGO.

where are my clothes, who swiped my watch
has Yale won the race?’ I fired this volley
of questions at her in the hoarse whisper
which my yelling had caused.

“Well, finally she got the door unlocked,
and started back in amazement when she saw
my scanty apparel. But she seemed to un-
derstand. ‘Why Jack, what will you do? It’s
too late for you to buy clothes.’ Then she
added, laughing, ‘Aunty can’t go. You might
wear hers.’ ‘The very thing, Sis,” I replied,
‘fetch ‘em along.’

“Well, she went and got aunty’s bonnet and
bombazen dress, and a black silk parasol. With
my sister's help I put on the dress, and she
fixed the bonnet so my lack of hair didn’t
show. (I don’t know yet how she did it.) She
hastily put in some wrinkles in my face with
a burnt match, then stepped back and looked
at me. ‘Why, Jack, you are almost as good
looking as aunty.’

“Well, I didn’t feel a thing but queer. I
hardly had the nerve to go out on the street,
let alone going on a yacht to see the race.
But my desire to see the race was greatei
than my lack of nerve. So I started for the
dock where the yacht was to set out. I tried
to walk like an old woman, and I guess I got
on pretty well. My sister kept telling me to
take shorter steps, and not to swing my arms.
It was mighty hard work for a Yale gradu-
ate, going to see a Yale-Harvard race.

“Well, we got there. The friends with
whom we were going were Harvard support-
ers, so the yacht was flying Harvard colors.
I didn’t like that, but it couldn’t be helped. My
sister introduced me as her aunt to all the men
who were there, and to all the girls. And fel-
lows, some of those girls even kissed me, and
said I was such a dear old lady. Of course, I
enjoyed that performance immensely. Then I
found out that I was to chaperon the party.
An ex-coxswain of the Yale crew chaperoning
a lot of Harvard men and girls!

‘Well, I pretended to have an awful time
THE ARGO, 51

wetting On board. I was so afraid of falling
na the water. They finally got me safely on
Saal and fixed me in an easy chair with
my fee ;
head. ‘The yacht started, and as it moved off,
the Harvard men gave a long Harvard yell.
| wanted to follow their example, and let out
the nine Rahs of the Yale cheer, but a warn-
ing glance from my sister stopped me.

“Just before we got to a good place to see
the race, my sister called me into the cabin
and said, ‘Whatever you do, Jack, don’t yell
when the crews come out. Don’t be more
than interested.’

“Well, first the Harvard crew came out,
rowing with those long, pe fect strokes, which
show a well trained crew. My Harvard
friends yelled like mad. Then came the Yale
crew, with the same long, perfect strokes. It
was fierce holding in then. But I did it some-
how.

“The race started. At first Harvard was

ahead. Of course, my Harvard friends were
jubilant. Harvard kept the lead for the first
mile. ‘Then the Yale crew began to creep up.
‘At the second mile, the shells were abreast.
3ut then Yale began to forge ahead. I could
stand it no longer. Jumping up, and throw-
ing down the parasol, | shouted, ‘Yale! Yale!!
Yale!!! rah! rah! rah! rah! rah! rah! rah!
rah! rah! Yale! Yale!) Yale!!¥

“Well, consternation reigned in that boat.
The Harvard men stared first at me, then at
my sister, One of them stepped up to her and
said, ‘It-a-it seems to me—ah—Miss Camp,
that your old aunt, I beg pardon, your—ah—
aunt is rather—ah—ah—enthusiastic. But as
this is a Harvard boat, we would prefer that
she wouldn't cheer for Yale.’ That is when
my sister showed her brains.

“Poor aunty,’ she said in a very sad voice,
‘Poor aunty. She hasn’t had an attack for
five years. She used to have them like this
often, I’m so embarrassed. Poor aunty.’ By
that time T had resumed my seat, and had
Picked up my parasol.

t on a pillow, and the parasol over my’

“But now Yale was winning with every
stroke. There was still a half mile to go, and
Harvard was a length and a half in the rear.

“The Harvard men were not quite satisfied
with my sister’s explanation of my conduct.
One of them came up behind me and whisper-
ed in my ear, ‘Yell now, if you want, but af-
terwards—look out for yourself.’ ‘All right,
Johnny Harvard,’ I said, and up I jumped,
ard again yelled, ‘Yale! Yale!! Yale!!! rah!
rah! rah! rah! rah! rah! rah! rah! rah! Yale!
Yale!! Yate!!!’

“By this time the race was well over. Yale
had won by a little over two lengths. We
were steering for the dock. After my last
vell, I had remained standing very near the
edge of the boat, so it was not very hard for
one of the Harvard men to suddenly push me
into the water. By this time everyone knew
I was not what I had pretended to be. Well, t
went in with a big splash, and the yacht went
calmly on. My, fellows, but that water felt
cold; and my clothes weren’t the best for
swimming. I managed to keep up, but I won-
dered what I would do. There were only
a few yachts near, and these did not seem to
have taken any notice of my calamity. Then
by good luck, I saw ‘a Yale yacht coming
towards me. I cailed to them and they slowed
up. Who was it but a lot of classmates, some
of whom had been on the crew with me.
“What in thunder are you doing in the water
in such a rig? they called to me. They
seemed to be amused, when I answered, ‘I
d—d—don’t know, b—b—but g—get me on
b—hoard.’ Well, fellows, they got me on
board, and of course, asked at once if I was
crazy, or what was the matter. So I told ’em
T was out swimming in a hired bathing suit.
and they believed it.”

RETOLD BY B. P. H.

RUTGERS FRESHMEN vs
RUTGERS PREP.
On January 30, Rutgers Prep. basket-ball
team defeated the Rutgers Freshmen. Our
52

men played well throughout, outclassing their
opponents in passing and blocking.

For the first five minutes of play neither
side scored and although the ball was mostly
in Prep. territgry it looked as if the game
would be mucl)eldser than it was. Williams
broke the spell hy tossing a basket. After this
Zeigler, S ter and Williams, by good
shooting, quickly brought up our score.

End of first half: Freshmen 5; Prep. 14.

In the second half the Freshmen braced up,
but Prep. had a good lead and kept it. Final

  
   
 

score: Freshmen, 17; Prep., 34.
Line up:
Rutgers Prep.—Williams, c.; Powell,

(Prentiss), 1. f.; Sangster, r. f.; Zeigler, 1. g.;
Scudder, r. g.

Rutgers Freshmen—Goods, c.; Faussett, 1.
f.; Van Winkle, r. f.; H. D. Greene, (Han-
sen), l. g.; Hankins, (Fell), r. g.

Referee—Gorton. ‘Timekeeper—Nutt.

Goals—Sangster 6, Zeigler 4, Williams 6,
Van Winkle 2, Goode 2. Fouls thrown by
Freshmen 9; by Prep. 2.

Aputex Notes,

 

 

OUR NATION’S FLAG.

One pleasant morning a little house on
Arch street Philadelphia, was as neat and
clean as Betsy Ross, the tidy young widow,
could make it.

General Washington had written her that
he and Robert Morris should have the honor
of calling upon her to talk over the matter
of making a new flag.

The clock in the church had just struck
twelve, when the commander-in-chief and the
great merchant walked into Mistress Ross’s
little back parlor. After the formal greetings
were over, Washington took from his pocket
a sketch of the flag.

“Be sure, madam,” he said, “and make the
stars as I have drawn them.”

“But, General Washington, the stars in the

5 THE ARGO.

sky seem to have five points and yours have
six.”

“You are right madam. Make the flag as
I have drawn it, but make the stars with five
points.”

The flag was to have thirteen stars and
thirteen stripes, seven red and six white.

In June, 1777, the flag was accepted by Con-
gress. For cighteen years it remained the flag
of the nation.

After Vermont and Kentucky came into the
Union the stars and stripes were increased to
fifteen.

Year after year, new states were added, un-
til there were twenty stars and twenty stripes,
and the people began to say, “Let us not mar
the beauty of our nation’s flag.”

So it was decided that every time a new
state was admitted, a star should be added,
and there should be thirteen stripes for the
thirteen original colonies. Year after year
new states have come into the Union and to-
day there are forty-six stars on the field of
blue. PIERRE VAN DYCK.

 

THE DIKES AND CANALS
aE OF HOLLAND

The dikes of Holland are made of wood and
stone imported from Norway. The dikes are
made in the following way; First, great trees
are trimmed of their branches, and are then
studded with large headed nails to keep wat-
er insects from eating the wood. These trees
are driven into the sand in rows as far out as
possible to break the force of the waves. Be-
hind these trees a great mass of trees are driv-
en in. The cracks between the trees are filled
up with mud and stones. The dikes are built
en a slant of about thirty degrees and are
from two hundred and fifty feet to three hund-
red feet high. In some places there are gates
in the dikes, and at low tide these gates are
opened so that fresh water may flow into the
canals.

It is easy to make canals, for if vou should
THE -ARGO.

ss, down two feet you would strike water,
tere are many canals in Holland and they
are used as much in winter as in summer, In
winter the canals are frozen over, and people
chen skate with their wares in -baskets hung
over their arms, or else they pull ‘iceboats
joaded with their goods after them. There are
so many canals in Amsterdam that-it is some-
times called the Venice of the North.
EREDERICK VOORHEES,

 

4 TWICE TOLD TALE.
The Intelligent Goat.

In a New York restaurant, two business
men while eating their lunch, were discussing
which ‘was the more intelligent animal, the
horse or the dog. The coloredywaiter, Sam
Johnson, who had served thém many times
moved about shaking Hi€ head.

One of the gentlemen noticed him and ask-
ed, Dh rfylotr agree with either of us, Sam?”

“Np, Suh,” said Sam, “Ah ain’t got nuthin’
agin de horse or de dog, but Ah’s bettin’ on de
billy goat every time.”

“The billy goat hasn’t a bit of sense, Sam.”

“Ah didn’t think so nuther, till de udder
day and it come about in dis way. Last Sun-
day, Ah togged myself up with my gold head-
ed cane and my high silk hat and went to Ho-
boken to see my best gal. While I was a
walking mighty spry up on de heights, along
come a puif o’ wind what sent my hat sailin’
and sailin’ over de bluff down toward de riber.
Dat hat was walable so Ah chased it. Ah went

Robinson’s Market,
g9 Church St.,
PHONE 213 R. NEW BRUNSWICK
Full line of Fancy G oreries

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods
and Home made Candies
may be found at

BRUNS

Phone sto J 71 Church St.

=RANDOLPII=

Foto-grafer.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students
College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

 

The Landsberg Store

1, 2, 3 and 4 Kine Brock
New Brunswick’s only Department
Store including full line of Men’s Fur-
nishings.

 

Bradley’s Pharmacy

Students’ discount 10 per cent. You
are entitled to it.
‘HE ARGO.
54

mas fe ; Ah could, but a billygoat got I P \W ll
down as fast as Ah cou Aicoe. e. O A n ; q

gere ahead o’ me and was chawit

picked up a stone to chuck at him, but Ah

x : } i
saw de billygoat castin’ his eyes up on de bluff

Ah looked up too, and dere on de bluff was .HIGH GRADE TAILORING..

”
writ, ‘Chew Johnson’s Plug.’ Dat goat reat

08.

 

Fon tor oeenemetee

 

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
following exchanges: The Academy Journal,
The Peddie Chronicle, The Poly Prep. Maga-
zine, The Targum, The SGardinal ,

Some of our faithful exchanges must have
forgotten us or else wé¢/are too early with the
present number.

15Churck St.

New Brunswick
N. Js

Teacher (to pupil§*who failed to understand
examples )—‘Nowyall of you who can’t see
this example jist look at it for five minutes.”
—Ex. C

Gentleman“(to waiter)—“Do you serve lob-
strs here?”

Waiter—“Yes, sir; we serve anybody. Sit
right down.”—Ex.

Special
Discount
To Students

7

 

 

    
   
  

 
   
   
  
 
  

REED’S and the
College Man’s Clothes
AUTUMN SUITS and OVER- Are you acquainted with Reeds’ and their

College Men’s Clothing.
COATS, FURNISHINGS Do you realize that their College business
is probably the largest of any outfittine se
HEADWEAR . an ne argest of any outfitting house

Nothing is gained without effort—success

and Outfittings Generally breeds success. The right kind of goods at
are ready rea have made this great business pos-

REED'S 14241426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia

Se ee
a

 
THE ARGO. Vv

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

/ =. 420 George street —S—_——

—

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs, Brushes
Soda and Milk Shakes.

CHARLES TAMM
BOOKS, STATIONERY and

 

 

 

44 ALBANY: ST.
SPORTING GOODS
LOUIS LEITHEISER, GO TO.... |
Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROS.,
‘or Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St, Sporting Goods.
New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 Dennis STREET.

 

RUTCERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

    
 

2
4

ta
Peek
a:

-
Rees
“Ue
»,

“4 EN a

Crand Central Stabies and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

vert Argo.
When patronizing the stores advertised In our columns, please mention the Arg

 
 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Px. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. M., Greek and English Master.
LINN R. BLANCHARD, 'A. B., Latin Master.
J. LESTER ROBINS,B. S., Mathematics .
RHYS POWELL, A.B., Science Master.
VINTON D. TOMPKINS, Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.

MISS SARAH STARR, A. B. French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments. ;

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL, |
MISS MARY GREGG, Instructors.

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,
New Brunswick, N. J.
