 

 

 

 

Volume XVIII March Number Six

 
it THE ARGO.

Rutgers Coll

NEW BRUN

 

——
—=

ege and Rutgers Scientific Schoo!

 

SWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

Ee CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT

Is Broad and Thorough

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

fon and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
s throughout the isthe New Jersey State College for th :
nanic Arts. ge for the benefit of Agricul-

jlities for Elective Course!

ior years. in Latin, Greek, French, ture aad fhe Hee x
n this Department there are six full co

B. Se. urses, each

German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, leading to the first degree in science, B. Se,
1 A 2 se

History, Political Science, Philosophy, Course in Agriculture.
Physics. Chemistry and Biology. ‘s Course in Civil Engineering and M chanics,

ment, on the completion of the {full four a Goures 8 aa.
including Greek, the candidate recieves ‘A Course in Biology.
6 A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
Anda short course of two years 5
full fonr years’ requirements | not Jead toa degree. 7 se
For catalogues and other information, address IRVING

On the com letion of the
wich N s i
in which Moderna Languages and cience are substituied for S. UPSON, Reistrar
W., H.S. DEMAREST, D. D., LL.D. President.

Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING

Of Every Description.

B.U.TAPKEN,

JEWELER,
alae deg Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

Made to Order.

TH

and by a revis!
unusual fac
Junior and Sen

Py

In this Depart
years’ requirements
the degree of A. B.

 

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS AND JACKETS, ““"cimdaey's NEW STOCK OF DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P. J. Young Dry Goods, Co., 7 Huei STREET:

When patronizing thi
the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
THE ARGO. II

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

FARMS BOUGHT, SOLD, RENTED AND
EXCHANGED

 

349 GEORGE ST.., NEW BRUNSWICK

STEWART’S HAT STORE

(Established 75 Years)

CAPS, DRILL GLOVES, AND FURNISHINGS
CHURCH STREET. NO. 29.

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR’ “SWELL”

*
ee.
= 25
233 $3.50.
@¢
z S + In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
® & ® and vici kid,
#34 g
»* Harding & Mansfield’s
&
; BIG SHOE HOUSE,
é 9 Peace St New Brunswick.

 

 

0. O. STILLMAN,

JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.
Diamonds, Watches and Ste Silver. Society Pins P h otog ra p h er

Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding

Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.

i. S. VAN DERVEER

355 George St., New Brunswick.

S. ZIMMERMAN | L. VOLKERT,
BARBER '|Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES | 359 GEORGE STREET,

381 GEORGE ST. New Brunswick, N. J,

/ When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
~

IV THE ARGO.

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED.

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES oF EVERY

 

 

DESCRIPTION.
880 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK Nog
. 4’
ice’? LYONS & PARKER, |, Teeksuis
: iletic Wear
Clothiers and Furnishers I Paterson Block. en

 

WILLIAM GAUB |

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J. |

 

Jacob Weber, |
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

417 George St.

|
HAGAMAN & CRATER] WILLIAM J. SENGS

Rutgers Prep, School

 

 

 

 

are well known No bet Shoe Stores.

ter Clothing made than
Stein Block for the price
Headquarters for Sweat- A Full Line of Athletic Shoes,

: ers. | Repairing Neatly Done.

For styles that lead —we |
|

No. 06 Church Street Remember the two stores,

CS EE 48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
 

THE ARGO. ©

 

 

Vor. XVIII.

New Brunswick, N. J., Marcu, 1907.

No. 6,

 

 

 

Hl HOLT’S

 

REVENGE.

 

A light canoe pushed out from the shadowy
shore into the brilliant moonlight, dancing on
the water. The night was beautiful and still;
the surrounding mountains towered above the
sparkling lake.

The paddler rested for a moment, then
broke the silence. “Now I’ve got a chance to
talk to you, Polly. Tell me honestly, sister,
how you like camping: out in these wilds?”

“Well,” answered Polly slowly, “canoeing
is fun and jacking for deer is nice enough,
but to tell you the truth, it isn’t very excit-
ing.”

“Not exciting!” whistled Jack, “can you
stand anything more exciting than having
yellow jackets in the maple syrup and mice in
the camp? Now, really, Polly, you don’t
know what is exciting.”

“Who told you?” laughed Polly, for Jack
had come only that evening, while she with
the rest of the party had been out on the lake
for several days.

“To look at you, people would think you
were born and brought up in the woods—a
regular gypsy—but I see appearances are de-
ceitful, as usual. By the way, ten or twelve
young people came out from the hotel, the
same time I did,” said Jack.

Polly was thoughtful for a minute o1 two;
then looking up she asked, “Do you really
think. I might pass as a gypsy? Do I look
enough like one?”

“What's the child driving at?” exclaimed
the young man.

“I want to tell fortunes at the camp—just
tor fun,” burst out Polly.

Jack jumped at the prospect of some fun.
“Good idea! That will be something exciting
anyway.”

“We'd better ask Mel—the guide, you
know—what he thinks. I’m pretty sure he
will like the idea though, for he’s full of fun.
Let’s go back to camp now, I’m dying to start
right off.”

Guided by the light from a huge bonfire,
the canoe headed for camp, The two young
people, full of their idea, told the guide every-
thing they had thought of. Mel Trumble en-
tered into the plan with spirit and, before the
fire burned low that night, the preparations
for the fun had been started.

Early the next morning the obliging guide
went to every party on the lake asking if they
would like a gypsy, who was staying at his
camp, to come and tell fortunes in the even-
ing. They were all enthusiastic and Mel
Trumble went home with an encouraging re-
port.

While Polly was dressing up that evening,
Jack, who was criticising her costume, sud-
denly thought of the fortunes the gypsy was
to tell. “Say, Polly, what are you going to
say to those people? You don’t know them
at all.”

“Don’t worry, almost everyone was at the
hotel, and I’ve seen enough of them to say a
few things that would be true. But then it’s
a lark. Ill say what I like. I’m going to
give it to Hi Holt, though. It’s a shame the
way he treats his wife. Mel says no one
dares say anything, but I'll dare. Now how
56 THE ARGO.

do these red berries look in my hair? Charm-
ing, I suppose. Now I’m ready.”
. * & & & F KF KF F KF

Meél T'rumble’s canoe grated on the pebbles
at the last camp. Polly, flushed with excite-

= ment, jumped to the shore and was greeted
with a shout from about the fire. In a minute
she was surroznded by the eager young people
who kept her busy telling fortunes for half an
hour. As the last prophecy was ended, Hi
Holt, the owner of the camp, stepped out of
the shadow asking Polly to tell his future.
Now was the time for her reproof, Looking
at his huge palm a moment or two, she began.

“A large sum of money has been left you,
but you have not as yet received it, as the es-
tate is not settled.” He gave a start of sur-
prise, for this was true. “You will prosper
and live to a good old age.” He gave a grunt
of satisfaction and told her to go on. Polly
frowned seriously, yet her eyes were dancing.
“Oh, Mr. Holmes.” “Holt,” he corrected.
“Well, Mr. Holt, you must reform.” She be-
gan her reproof bravely, although she knew
Hi was glaring at her now. “You have treated
vour wife disgracefully. Why you have gone
so far as to throw a tea cup at her. I advise
you to reform.”

The big guide moved uneasily and slunk off
nto the shadow again. “Pretty good fortune
teller, ch? Did she tell you anything true?”
asked Mel coming upon him,

“You bet your boots, she did! How could
she tell about my wife? Did she see a cup in
my hand? Telling me that stuff before all
them folks! I'll get even if I can,” muttered
the angry guide. s

When the different parties of campers
woke up the next morning, they found a note,
explaining that the fortune telling had just
been a joke, and nearby wrapped in birch bark
the money they had given the gypsy. When
Hi Holt read his note, he was furious. Mel
Trumble who was lying in the woods nearby,
heard kim planning revenge with a fellow
guide. “Something will be doing, this even-

ing,” Mel told Polly when he had return
the camp. “But don’t be scared. Hi's
only one can make plans.”

As the shadow deepened, the campers
by the roaring fire, listening to Mel's ‘hie
Suddenly the stillnes of the forest behing th '
camp was broken. Bushes rustled, .
branches broke and twigs snapped, Some
monstrous animal was surely coming down
the mountain. Every one except Polly and
Mel was terror-stricken. The guide !eaning
over to Jack, whispered some hurried instruc.
tion and then said aloud, “Get your gun quick
it’s a bear!” ‘

With their guns all ready, Jack snd Met
waited behind the camp, the party huddling
together on the far side of the fire. ‘The noise
grew louder and louder, Mel shouted, “Here
he comes! Shoot!”

“For heaven’s sake, Mel, don't shoot! It's
me,” and Hi Holt, scratched and covered with
burrs, sank down exhausted, Mel threw back
his head and laughed loud and ling, “Well,
Hi, that was a good one on you, You'll never
hear the end of it.” ‘oS.

ed to
not the

dry

MELTING OF R, P, A. A,

At recess, March 6, the annual spring meet-
ing of the Athletic Association was held,
Nominations were open for manager of the
base-ball team and manager of track team,
Sangster and Scudder were nominated for
manager of base-ball team, After a ballot,
Sangster was declared elected by one vote,
Owing to lack of time, the meeting was ad>
journed before a track team manager could
be elected.

 

Teachers cranky,
Scholars few,
Questions flying,
Zeros, too,
What’s the matter?
Don’t you know?
Monday morning

Always so, —Ex.
THE ARGO, 57

 

GODS vs. SHADES.

(4s written for the “Athens Aliead-of-the
WNiies,” by Herodotus, Sporting Ed.
Translated by Theodoric N. P.)

Yesterday the greatest game in the world
took place at Athens Field. jupiter brought
a team of stars from Mt. Olympus, expecting
to send Pluto and his team back to Hades in
defeat ; but he ran against a hard proposition.
Pluto had a great nt mber to choose from and
brought as strong a team as ever crossed the
Styx. The line-up was as follows:

Gods—Mercury, l.e.; Mars, 1t.; Vulcan,
l.g.; Neptune, c.; Saturn, r.g.; Antaeus, r.t.;
Argus, r.e.; Apollo, q.b.; Polyphemus, r.h. ;
Jupiter, (Capt.), 1h.; Hercules, f.

Shades—Ulusses, l.e. ; Achates, 1.t.; Aeneas,
lg.; Pluto, (Capt.), ¢.; Priam, r.g.; Ajax.
r.t.; Agamemnon, r.e.; Caesar, q.b. ; Goliath,
r.h.; Achilles, 1.h.; Sampson, f.

Umpire, Solon. Announcer, Diogenes.
Cheer leaders, Demosthenes and Cicero. Re-
porters, Homer, Virgil, Herodotus. Water
boy, Baachus. Gatekeeper, Janus.

First Half.

Jupiter won the toss and decided to receive
the ball at the western end of the field. The
Shades kicked off and Antaeus receiving the
ball rushed it down the field until Sampson
caught him and lifted him off the ground, for
Antaeus’ strength was irresistable when he
was in contact with the earth, his mother.
The whistle blew for first down, but Antaeus
protested, “I'm not down at all, but up as high
as Sampson can hold me.” Before Solon gave
his decision, however, Sampson, forgetting
the new rules, started for the goal with An-
taeus to make a touchback; but Hercules
tackled him and he dropped Antaeus, who
ran through all the players for a touchdown.
Jupiter kicked the goal. The Gods then

 

kicked off and Capt. Pluto advanced the ball
fifteen yards. Both sides lined up and Caesar
gave the signals. But the packs could not
understand Latin and quite a row arose. “Say,
Jule, count in Hebrew, won’t you?” asked
Sampson. “What do you take me for?” replied
Caesar. “Don’t you do it, Caesar, count in
Greek,” said Achilles. But Caesar wanted to
talk Latin, so he just said “Tres et viginti,”
and passed the ball to Goliath, who tore up
the line until he struck Vulcan. Vulcan could
not get out of the way quick enough because
of his lame foot and therefore was quite
angry when Goliath struck him. He smote
Goliath with his hammer in the tender spot
in his forehead, and Goliath immediately drop-
ped the ball and fell over stunned. Just as
Neptune was about to pick up the ball Aeneas
slipped under and got it. This raised Nep-
tune’s wrath and he ran Aeneas through with
his trident, whereupon the shade of Dido
applauded vociferously. Then Solon arrested
Neptune on a charge of carrying a concealed
weapon, but when Neptune argued that his
weapon was not concealed at all but had been
hanging from his belt the whole time, Solon
vielded to his argument. While this was go-
ing on Crafty Ulysses had been transferring
a few thunderbolts from Jupiter’s back pocket
to his own, to save for use in the second half.
The teams lined up but then the whistle blew
and the first half was over. Score, Gods—6.
Shades—o. Pan furnished music during the
intermission. Baachus furnished the bowls to
the players and revived Goliath,

Second Half.

The shades kicked off and Polyphemus re-
ceived the ball and started to rush down the
field, but as his one eye was destroyed he

(CONTINUED ON PAGE 60.)
58

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
“ RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

WILLIAM H. MAC DONALD,
Editor-in-Chief,

ALLEN F. MARCLEY, Alumni Notes.
THEODORE N. POCKMAN
EVELYN V.S. KNOX,
ALAN D. CAMPBELL. Jr.,
CLARKSON POS tELI E, tN

>, CSON P. SV'ELLE, | News.

HEWETTE E. JOYCE." !~
W. RUDOLF F, STIER, Fxchanges.
ANTON RAVEN, Jn., Annex Notes.

DUMONT F. ELMENDORE.
TRACY S. VOORHEES,

Literary Editors.

 

t Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be a/ldressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J.. and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, stndents, and alumni are must

cordially invited to contribute.

All Rutgers Prep. School needs is one more
basket-ball player, a place for her team to
practice and play, a little support for the team
from the students, and her fame would be
secured. The scores run up by the Prep.
team in the series of games played with the
class teams in college, give a hint as to what
kind of showing 1t could make against teams

of schools nearer our size. The team repre-

senting the Juniors is largely made up of Rut-
gers ‘varsity team men, and our team certainly

showed skill in being able to hold them down:

as they did.
May we make as good a showing in base-

ball.

THE ARGO.

lt is the duty of every student to help along
his school in every way he can. By good
scholarship is one way and a very good way
it is; by athletics is another, and also a very
excellent way. What student is not pleased
to hear of his school winning a track meet
and to see the neat banners hanging before
him? What student is not glad to hear his
school’s foot-ball power spoken of with re-
spect by opponents? What student will not
jump and cheer when the basket-ball team of
his school wins a hard fought and well play-
ed game? What student does not feel like
wringing the hands of every member of his
school’s base-ball team when they by zood
playing have humbled an old rival? Not one
of course. But ail this cannot be done vith-
out players; we have players. But they can-
not do it without something material to ba-k
them; you have that. Now is the titne to join
the Athletic Association and pay your spring

dues.

 

NINTH LANE PRIZE
SPEAKING CONTEST

The ninth Lane Prize Speaking Contest was
held Thursday evening, February 28th. There
were seven contestants. The names of the
speakers with the titles ot their selections are
given below. The judges on this occasion
were the Rev. L. R. Brock, of New Bruns-
wick ; Abel R. Corbin, Esq., of Metuchen, and
Mr. Charles B. Ames, of Metuchen. Mr.
Ames was at one time the Latin Master in
our school and he still retains hiS interest in
our doings. These gentlemen awarded the
first prize to Chamberlain and the second
prize to Elmendorf. While the judges were
deliberating, the boys entertained the audi-
ence wth a choice variety of yells and a few
THE ARGO,

songs. The speakers were trained this year
by Mr. Mills, who may be congratulated upon
his success in producing a first class exhibition
of speaking, fully on a par with the eight con-
tests that have preceded this, E.R. P,
The speakers were:
1. Hewette Elwell Joyce,
“The Chariot Race.”
From Ben Hur: Gen. Lew. Wallace.
2. Theodore Niver Pockman,
“The Battle of Bannockburn.”
Grace Aguilar.
3. Laban Hammill Chamberlain,
“The Last Night of Missolonghi.”
Edwin A. Grosvenor.
4. Tracy Stebbins Voorhees,
“The Trial of Ben Thomas.”
H. S. Edwards.
5. Floyd Bronson Olcott,
“The Last of the Roman Tribunes.”
Edward Bulwer-Lytton.
6. William Henry MacDonald,
“Fort Wagner.” Anna E. Dickinson,
7. Dumont Frelinghuysen Elmendorf,
“The Doom of Claudius and Cynthia,”

Maurice Thompson.

 

ALUMNI NOTES.

’o2, Harold Green, in the absence of Miss
Searle, who is ill, has been acting as instruc-
tov in Latin.

98, Acting Lieutenant Albert Ellicott
Brown, stationed at Batanzas, P, I., with
the position of adjutant, has received his pro-
motion to a second lieutenantey, which trans-
fers him from the Philippine service to the
United States regular army.

‘96, Riggs recently gave an illustrated lec-
ture in the Y. M. C, A, hall on Vesuvius. This
is one of a series of lectures which Mr, Riggs
is to brirg to New Brunswick and it is said
that the entertainments are extremely inter:
esting and instructive.

‘92, Prof. Lane Cooper, assistant professor

39

of English in Cornell University, brother of
Mayor Drury W. Cooper, has issued a volume
“Theories of Style,” with especial reference
to prose composition. He has an article in the
January number of the Journal of English
and Germanic Philology, on Wordsworthian
Smiles, and in the February number of Mod-
ern Language Notes on “Mumania in Pur-
chas His Pilgrimage.”

‘of, Rev. Seymore Purdy, pastor of the Bo-
gota Reformed Church, has accepted a call to
become pastor of the Reformed Church at
Athens, N. Y., and has been installed.

Prof. C. B. Ames, a former instructor in
Latin in our school, recently visited us and
listened to the third form Virgil class. He
appeared interested in the smooth translations,

‘05, Potter, of Rutgers, secured a place
among the best eight debaters in the contest
to select men to contend against Union Col-
lege.

Prof, J. A. Ferguson, our former science
master, now in the Yale Forestry School, most
agreeably favored us with a visit recently,

NOTES ABOUT SCHOOL.
Bm tells us that ice is frogen harder than
water,

Mr, Powell, in Chemistry—-Water is a gas;
it burns and

Miss Ps—O! L made a mistook,

I-A], translating French—'Ele est montee,’
She is a mountain,

Mr, Mills It's as hard to get the right
answers to these questions as it is to get
meal from a sawemill,

How about a breakfast: food?

Mr, Powell says that a fish comes to. the
surface to get water,
60 THE ARGO.

In one of our recent debates, the chairman
of the judges decided that criminals convict-
ed of murder, should be “electrocated and

strung up.”

Cheer up, fellows! The worst is yet to
come. Spring exams. are upon us.

Mr. Robins —In proving that point, what
proposition would you quote?

P--m—Why, you would quote ont: back-
ward,

GODS vs. SHADES.

(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 57.)

 

could not see and: when Ulysses lay down in
front of him he stumbled and fell. “No man
tripped you, why did you fall?” asked Ulysses
tantalizingly. Immediately Polyphemus re-
cognized his voice, and dropped the ball and
prepared to make a meal of Ulysses as he
had with Ulysses’ companions, but the umpire
interfered. “Beg pardon, old boy,” said Capt.
Jupiter to Polyphemus, “I forgot all about
your eye. Tell Argus to give you a couple
out of his hundred.” So Argus handed over
two of his eyes. In the meantime Mars dis-
covered the ball lying on the ground and pick-
ing it up started for the goal, but was tackled
by Faithful Achates. The teams lined up and
Capt. Jupiter got the ball. He made an end
run and got away from the whole bunch ex-
cept Capt. Pluto who tackled him, and then
finding all the others watching a fight between
Hercules and Sampson, sat on his head and
pounded him for awhile—just to get even, as
he said. As soon as Hercules pulled out
enough of Sampson’s hair, he beat him, and
Pluto got off of Jupiter, and not a minute too
soon, for the one remaining thunderbolt in
Jupiter’s pocket went off by spontaneous com-
bustion and made quite a noise. Then Jupiter
called time and ran over to the reporters’
stand and told Homer, Virgil, and myself that

he would send each of us a thunderbolt on
the next Fourth of July if we would keep the
affair between Pluto and himself out of the
papers, but we decided not to be bribed. Then
the game proceeded, and on a poor forward
pass Achilles got the ball and made the sen-
sational run of the game because no one could
stop him except by the heel, his only vulner-
able spot. Just within ten yards of the goal,
however, Polyphemus fell upon him and stop-
ped him by weight alone. Then by two good
rushes the Shades pushed Pluto over for a
touchdown and Ajax kicked the goal. Score,
Gods—6, Shades—6. ‘The Shades kicked off.
Mercury received the ball and started to fly
with his winged feet, but Ulysses did not like
it and brought him to earth with a well-aimed
thunderbolt. Just then the whistle blew and
the great game was over. All the Gods took
the air-line to Mt. Olympus, but the Shades
had to hire three barges to get the team and
congregation of rooters over the Styx. Both
the teams were rather disappointed at not
winning and at once planned to treet again
next year. Any team wishing to challenge
the Shades please call up or write Manager,
Sampson, No. 2 Mummy Row, Hoboken, N.
J.

CONSTITUTION OF THE
ATHLETIC ASSOCI1TION
1—Name.

The name of this association shall be “The
Athletic Association of Rutgers Preparatory
School.”

Il—Object.

The object of this Association is to pro-
mote an interest in, and to exercise control of,
athletics among the students of the school.

11I—Meetings.

Sec. 1. Regular meetings of this Associa-
tion shall be held three times a year, viz., sec-
ond Wednesday of the school year, last Wed-
nesday in February, last Wednesday in May.

Sec. 2. Special meetings to be called by
THE ARGO. é

the President on the request of five members

of the Association. Due notice of such meet-

ings must be posted on the bulletin board for

at least one day before they are held.
IV—Members.

All students of the Academic department
are eligible to membership in this Associa-
tion.

V—Dues.

Dues shall be $1.50 per year, payable semi-

annually, in September and February.”
VI—Voting.

No member shall be allowed to vote in any
of the meetings of this Association unless he
shall have paid his dues in full for the cur
rent season.

VIl—O fficers.

‘The officers of this Association shall be a
President, Vice-President, Secretary-Treasur-
er.

VIII—Managers.

It shall be the duty of this Association to
elect a manager for the foot-ball, base-ball,
and track teams, respectivély.

IX—Election of Officers.

The President, Vice-President, Secretary-
Treasurer, shall be elected at the May meet-
ing for the following school year.

X—Election of Managers.

(1) The manager of the foot-ball team
shall be elected at the September meeting.

(2) The manager for the base-ball team
shell be elected at the February meeting.

(3) ‘The manager of the track team shail
be elected at the February meeting.

Amendment to X.

The managers elected for the foot-ball
baseball, or track teams, must be students in
the third or fourth form.

XI-- Election of Captains.

(1) The captain of the foot-ball team, for
the ensuing year, shall be elected by the
members of the foot-bail team immediately af-
ter the last game.

(2) The captain of the base-ball team for
the ensuing year, shall be elected by the mem-

bers of the baseball team, immediately after
the last game.

(3) ‘The captain of the track team shall
be elected by the members selected for the
team, as soon as the team is chosen.

(4) Any candidate for captain of either
baseball or foot-ball team, shall have been a
member for at least one year of the team for
which he is a candidate for captain.

(5) No person shall be considered a mem-
ber of the base-ball or foot-ball teams unless
he has won his “R. P.” on that team.

(6) ‘The track team shall consist of the
members of the relay teams and those who
shall be judged by the regular trainers, wor-
thy of representing the school in individual

~ events.

XII—Right of Wearing “R. P.”

No person shall be allowed to wear the
“R. P.” unless—

(1) He has played three (3) full games
or the equivalent thereof on the foot-ball team.

(2) He has played three (3) full games
or twenty-seven (27) innings on the base-ball
team.

(3) The “R. P.” shall be given to any
member of the relay team whose team shall
win first place in the Rutgers meet or any
place in the Princeton meet, and to anyone
in individual events who shall win similar
places.

(4) Any wearer of the “R. P.” who does
not do sufficient work in any subsequent year
for that team may be deprived of his “R. P.”
by a two-thirds vote of the Association.

XUI—Duties of Officers.

Sec. 1. The President shall preside over
all the meetings of the Association and per-
form such other duties as may devolve upon
him by virtve of his office.

Sec. 2. The Vice President shall perform
all the duties of the President in case of the
absence of the latter.

Sec. 3. The Secretary-Treasurer shall keep
a record of all the meetings, of all the mem-
62

bers of the Association, and of the funds
thereof, shali render a written report of the
same at each regular meeting, and shall see
that the constitution is published at least once
a year in the Argo.

XIV—Quorum,

A majority of the members shall consti-
tute a quorum.

XV—Amendments.

Sec. 1. This constitution can be amended
only by a three-fourths vote of members vot-
ing at that meeting.

Sec. 2. All amendments to this constitu-
tion must be handed in writing to the Secre-
tary-Treasurer, who will read them before a
meeting of the Association at least three (3)
days before they are voted upon.

 

RUTGERS SOPHOMORES vs.
RUTGERS PREP.

On February 13, in Ballantme Gymnasium,
Rutgers Prep. basket-ball team defeated the
Rutgers Sophomore team. The game through-
out was more or less loosely played. The
shooting of our team was not nearly as accur-
ate nor was the blocking as well done as the
week before in the Freshman game. But con-
sidering that the team had no practice since
the Freshman game and that they were out-
weighed and out-reached, the score they ran
up on the Sophs was indeed very large.

As is their custom, our men began with a
snap and activity which showed their “oppon-
ents at once that they meant business, ana
they kept it up till the end of the game. Wil-
liams and Sangster popped the ball into the
basket whenever the Sophs left them an op-
ening, while Powell, Zeigler, and Scudder
helped the Sophs to make the opening. The
final score was: Preps., 20; Sophs., 13.

Line-up :

Rutgers l’rep—Sangster, r.f.; Zeigler, If.;
Williams, c.; Scudder, r.g.; Powell, lg.
Rutgers Sophs—Andreae, r.f.; Hand, If.;
Vankeuren, c.; Vrooman, r.g.; Corbin, 1g.

THE ARCO.

Referee, Gorton. Timekeeper, MacDonald.
Goals—Sangster, 5; Williams, 4; Andreae, 2;
Hand, 1; Vrooman, 1; Vankeuren, 1. Fouls
thrown by Sophs., 3; by Preps., 2.

 

Anwexs Notes,

 

THE DIKES AND CANALS
OF HOLLAND

Two of the most interesting features of
Holland are the canals and dikes.

The dikes are large embankments facing
the sea. T’o make the dikes, piles made from
the trunks of large trees were driven into the
earth in a tow, then more piles were driven
and the space between the two rows filled with
logs, dirt and stones, and the cracks were fill-
ed with cement. ‘This embankment slopes to-
ward the water at an angle of thirty degrees
and at the top, overlooking the landscape, is
a road much like the roads in our country.
The road is 2 great commercial highway.

If one should walk along this walled road
one’s first impression would be that it was
much like the streets and avenues in American
cities. But soon you would think it more like
a stone wall with a sloping side toward the
water.

Walking along the dikes one would pass
trees and houses, carriages drawn by horses,
and carts drawn by dogs, and groups of little
girls knitting.

If a small hole should spring in the wall of
one of the dikes it would soon grow larger and
the ocean would rush in and submerge the
land. For this reason they have to have
watchmen always on guard and if the break be
a bad one a gong is rung for more help. In
some places along the coast there are sand
dunes and in these places the dikes are not
necessary. Some of the dikes are three hun-
dred feet in width and many are as high as
a three-story house.

The other great highway of trade is the
canals. There are two thousand miles of
THE ARGO,

canals and they serve as roads, and also to
connect cities and as fences to divide farms.

Standing on the dikes you can look off over
the flat country and see these canals, with
windmills and willow trees on their banks,
winding in and out among the green fields,
their waters covered with barges, rafts and
sail boats. ;

In winter the scene is more busy than in
summer, for people on skates, men with barg-
es laden with goods, and gay pleasure parties
with iceboats, are gliding over the frozen sur-
face. This is the pretty sight which tourists
come to see and artists to paint.

INGRID NELSON,

 

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
following exchanges: The Echo, (3), The
Academy Journal, The Poly Prep. Magazine,
The Legenda, The Red and Blue, The Tome
The High School Register, The Valkyrie
The Targum, The Oracle, The Advocate, The
Cardinal, The Cutler Fortnightly, The Mir-
ror, The Howard Collegian, The Spectator.

Professor—“Go on, miss, and
sight.”

Miss—“I’m not sure of the word.

read at

Is it
‘sweetness’ ?”

Professor—“Yes, ‘sweetness,’ go on.”—Ix.

 

Robinson’s Market,

g9 Church St,
PHONE 2 3R NEW BRUNSWICK
Full line of Fancy G oceries
A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods

and Home made Candie:
may be found at

BRUNS

Phone 310 J 71 Church St.

 

63

=KAMOLPI=

Foto-grafer.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students
College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

 

The Landsberg Store

1. 2, 3 and 4 Kine Brock
New Brunswick’s only Department
Store including full line of Men’s Fur-
nishings.

 

Bradley’s Fharmacy

Students’ discount to per cent. You
are entitled ‘to it.
by ‘THE ARGO.

New York School Teacher—“Which is the h P \W a] |
highest mountain in our state?” O n °

Bov—"Sing Sing.”
Teacher—-“Why ?” ;
Boy—‘Father went up a year ago an

hasn’t come down yet.”—Beacon. HIGH GRADE TAILORING..
Sergeant—“Where are you going, Smith?”
Smith—“To fetch water.”
Sergeant—‘In those disreputable trousers ?”
Smith—‘No, sir, in this ‘ere pail.”—Ex.

 

 

 

45Church St.

Father, (meaningly)—‘“Who is the laziest
boy in school, Tommy ?”

Tommy—"I don’t know, pa.” ;

Father—“I should think you would know.
When. all the others are industriously study-
ing or writing, who is it that sits idly in his
seat and watches the rest instead of working
himself ?”

Tommy—“That’s the teacher, pa.”—Ex.

New Brunswick
N.. J.

Special
Discount
To Students

 

Teacher—‘T shall be-tempted to give: this
class a test before long.”

Pupil, (Sotto Voice)—‘Yield not to temp-
tation.” —Ex.

 

 

  
 
 

and the

REED’S College Man’s Clothes

AUTUMN SUITS and OVER- . Are you acquainted with Reeds’ and their
College Men’s Clothing.

COATS, FURNISHINGS Do you realize that their College business

MHEADWEAR oO is probably the largest of any outfitting house

in the country ?

   
  
  
     
 

Nothing is gained without effort—success

and Outfittings Generally breeds. success. ‘The right kind of goods at
are ready, ‘ fair prices have made this great business pos-

REED'S Wess

 
   
  

1424-1426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia
ee Bee ee

 

   
THE ARGO, Vy

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

<= +420 George street <r

 

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs, Brushes
Soda and Milk Shakes.

CHARLES TAMM

BOOKS, STATIONERY and _ |
sporTING Goods. = + ALBANY: ST.

 

 

LOUIS LEITHEISER, |GO 10.... 0
Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROS.,

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St, — Sporting Goods.

- : + - 4
New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 Dennis STREET.

RUTCERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

 

 

68 and 70 Albany St.

When patronizing the stores advertised In vur coiumans, please mention the Argo.

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station.

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J
FOUNDED 1766.

ree
rei ieee

LAP CRUG TORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Px. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. M., Greek and English Master.
LINN R. BLANCHARD, ‘A, B., ‘Latin Master.
J. LESTER ROBINS,B. S., Mathematics .
RHYS POWELL, A.B., Science Master.
VINTON D. TOMPKINS, Military Drill.
fo MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.

MISS SARAH STARR, A. B. French and History.
eee

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, | sats,
For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master.
New Brunswick, N. J.
