 
82 THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER’S,
376 George St.

Base-Ball, Gymnasium, Reception, and any kind of Shoes you may wish
for. Give him a call and he will do you good.

. PRICES LOW...

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

& FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

9 Prace St. New Brunswick.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,

We call, ont attention to ourNRESS GOODS & SILKS Carpets, Mattings aud Rugs.

 

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. ; Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
SUITS AN D JACKETS, LADUHILDREN'S, ve Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 2 CHURCH STREET.

The only adverti:ements we accept are those of honest firms.

 

 

sSeabncictansnateSs
HOMESICKNESS

re
Tune arranged from GUMBERT, Words by MALACHI SINCLAIRE
g Yy
Con dolore
When tho stars aro gently glist’ning In the moon's enchanting light. And the silent earth seems list‘ning To the
story of the’ night, of y sit and sadly ponder O'er the fate that made me roam, Over the
4
4

fato that made me wander From my dear old Irish

home. Cio Sure, Ireland dear, Although I'm here And

can't your shores descry, My heart is true,Old Dart, to you I'm ‘Arish tll

 

In the town and in the Wildwood,
On the mountain, on the plain,
Thoughts of happy Irish childhood,
Fill my heart with love and pain,
Though to slav’ry they condemn it,
Still I swear by God above,
That the land of Robert Emmet,
Is the country that I love,

(Cho.) Sure Ireland dear, ete.

Supplement to THE ARGO (Rutgers Preparatory School, New Brunswick, N. J.), March, 1903
THE ARGO.

83
mr AP kek
JEWELER.
sve eaater,  . CO. Church and Neilson Sts.

 

STEWARDS HABERDASHERY,

Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings,
Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,

CHURGH STREGET, NO. 29,

WR. REED,

BOOKS AND STATIONERY.

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

 

380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICAN. | CLARK, PioTuonapnen

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins

 

 

 

Made to Order. Cond Bagcoving and Wedding 355 George St., New Bronewick,
45 CHURCH STREET.
FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR
For Ladies and Gentlemen. i VOLKERT,
ALL SHINES 5 CENTS. Merchant Tailor,

Polish and Shoe Laces for sale,

Dominic Cupoli & Company, int Liceul armas

 

405 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J,
pee Novins & Co. J acob Weber 9

New Brunswick’s Agents for Spalding’s Sweaters and
‘ general sporting goods, a M E R G H A N I S TA | LO R
CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS, d
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. 417 George St

 

 

Rutyers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the flrms that advertise in The Argo.

 
THE ARGO.

Telephone 48.

EVERYTHING {HE BEST.

pei. sUYDAM,

MONUMENT SQUARE.

OASIS.

t, drop in at 53
Ice cream in

hand: A

~ STUDENTS

When you are on Hiram stree!
and get a delicious quick lunch.
season, and fine candies always on
first class stock of students’ supplies.

Don’t forget the number,

53 HIRAM STREET.

Ernest Dever.

 

EB. H. WIKOFT,

CATERER, CON FECTIONER.
FANCY CAKE BAKER
SOCIETY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY
109, III, 113 Church St.

WILLIAW GAUB,
Meats and Sausages,

Cor Easton Ave. and Prosper St.

Telephone Call, 2114. New Brunswick, N J.

RUTGERS CO
AND LLEGE

Rutgers Scientific Sch
NEW BRUNSWIOK, n mol,
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMEN
T,

Leading to the Degree of A. B., is Broad a xe
and by a revision and enlarge td Tho;
unusual facilities tor lective gf the. eurricutim, 2%
Sualor a na Senior years. in Latin ‘trou sho. Oftorgy
pad, erman, Higher Mathematics fn A he
story, Political Science, Philosoea Astron’ ish,
The Trust * Chemistry and Biolog Phy, Physuy
a four Se goures oF inet 2 ole ge have recent) “!
4 6 - iruction, to bi Y eg)
Scientific Course, which ie know, table
Solent (Lite B). will lead to the degrees he tate
he general regulntions affecting admi Bachelor
88)

tion or by certificate, as prij ion

catalogue of Rutgers Galisetae TO rage8 2 abd SXaming,

additional course of instruction. 901, will apply Of the
thig

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTy ENT

is the New Jersey Stat o
ture and the Mechanic fe college for the benefit of
There are five full courses, each leading to ¢) Agricy).
he first q

in science,
1. A Course in Agriculture.

2. A Coursein Civil
8. A Course in cae and M.
4, A Course in Electricity.
5, A Course in Biology. i

THE PLAN OF

COLLEGE EXTENSION

has been enlarged. Additional ¢

branches of gotence and Hterature anon ectures in vari
given throughout Sew, Jey, teach cnn be
Prof. Louis povier, Jr. Ph at ie Extension Depass may

‘or catalogues and 4 ms
5 UsaOe Tegistra ni other information, address IRV _
STIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL.D., Presig -

s* Tesident,

greg

chanics,

Rees

A FINE COMPLETE LINE oF

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

-SHOES.

AT LOWEST PRICES.

WILLIAM J, SENG's

48 EASTON AVE

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

Repairing Neatly Done,

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The A
rgo.

 
 

Wali Al GG:

Vou. XIV.

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL:

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

A, JOYCE KILMER,
Editor-in-Chief.

vt 8. COOK.
MN ORICK A, KULLMAR, | Literature

7 GILLESPLE,
MARY GIUUBHINNY, News

oT SCOTT,
DUDLEY WwoobuRipGe, | Alumniana,
=! . BADEAU
RAUL Es ARoRESNEY, — {Athletics

ALAN D.CAMPBELL, Jr. Annex News,

yRANGIS 9. LANG. | Business Managers.
LEWIs A. HE ’

 

 

3 iption price. per year, 75 cents

cpm 7 should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Ohief, R.C. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

of the paper only.

oma of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

TERE is one subject of which so much has
been said and written that it seems almost im-
possible to give any new thought upon it.
That subject is School Spirit. School spirit
consists of affection for one’s school and a de-
sire to aid the interests of one’s school in every
direction. It is, of course, the duty of every
man to give moral and pecuniary support to
the football, baseball and track teams of his
school, and to subscribe to his school paper.
But this is not all. There is no reason under
the stn why every man in this school should
not be identified with at least one branch of

New Brunswick, N, J., Marcu, 1903.

tNo. 6,

school activity. It is not to be expected that
every student will be a football player, a base-
ball player, a member o {the track team, and
a member of the staff of the school paper. But
it is to be expected that every student shall be
some one of these things. In some things, one
must always be a looker-on, but one need not
be a looker-on in everything.

 

ATHLETICS are just now appearing promi-
nently before us. The Rutgers Gymnasium
meets take place during the next few weeks,
and in that fact are interested most Prep.
School students. Our own track team is un-
dergoing the process of formation, and every
weekday afternoon a number of Prep. School
men may be seen running around the track at
Ballantine Gymnasium. Then, the baseball
season is not far off, and as soon as the proper
time comes practice will be started. There is
every indication that in this spring, as in the
previous one, Rutgers Preparatory School will
be successful in all her athletic ventures, And
it is also evident that even more students than
usual are now interested in athletic affairs.
The well attended meetings of our Athletic
Association prove the last statement. This is
as it should be. Every one should be inter-

ested in athletics, even if he is unable to be an
athlete.

 

As we are writing this, the dreaded second
group of examinations are approaching us
rapidly. ‘To us, the March examinations al-
ways seem to be the most unpleasant part of
the school year. In this respect we may be dif-
ferent from others. There may be some stu-
dents to whom the spring examinations appear
as pleasant pastimes, enjoyable occupations.
But, at any rate, the examinations may be
THE ARGO.

86

borne with a greater degree of fortitude and
patience when we reflect that they are but the

o the spring term, which, while it
undiluted amusement,
hange from the long,
winter term.

prelude t
certainly is no period of
is at least a refreshing ¢
dull grind of the monotonous

oc ce

In about a month from now the Easter va-
cation will be with us. T hroughout the entire
year, we believe, there is no period so longed
for as this. Coming, as it does, a few weeks
after a series of difficult examinations have
been held, as a fitting epilogue to the hardest
term of the year, it receives the heartiest wel-
come of all the vacations.

ob es

Amonc the students of this institution there
is a great deal of latent literary ability. The
excellence of the compositions and other re-
quired literary exercises proves this fact be-
yond a doubt. But why is it that a more gen-
erous display of this talent is not made? We
are only too delighted to throw open our col-
umns for the exhibition of the literary talent
of the school. But with the exception of some
half dozen students whom we regard almost as
regular contributors, nearly all the articles
printed in The Argo are the work of the mem-
bers of the Board of Editors. Still, we ought
not to complain. There have been school
papers of which even the Board of Editors
were lax. And this is not in any respect the
case of The Argo. For we firmly believe that
no other editor-in-chief was ever blessed with
a better staff than we have. If we had the
privilege of selecting from the entire school,
people to fill the various subordinate positions
on this paper, our choice would be exactly the
same persons who at present are upon our

Board of Editors.

Wirt this issue of The Argo we present as
a supplement a sheet of music. The words are
new, and the tune is a new arrangement of an
old German air. We trust that the supplement
may meet with the approval of our subscribers,
whose tastes it is our duty and pleasure to

gratify. It is our earnest endeavor that th

who subscribe to The Argo from a Mee
duty may find their school spirit wet .
warded, and that the merits of the Paper a
make subscribers of those whom other shat
erations are unable to influence,

 

SCHOOL NOTES.

On Saturday evening, the fourteenth of
March, Rutgers College holds a Local
Exhibition and Inter-Class Meet at th
Ballantine Gymnasium. It is swileekaca
that Rutgers Prep. School has been in-
vited to send two teams to enter in
the relay. Any student of Rutgers Pre
School is eligible for a position on one of Ge.
teams, and it is hoped that a large number wil]
volunteer. The races have been arranged so
that each man will run but a short distance, so
that any strain is eliminated. Every etinient
who expects to take part in the annual telay
races for preparatory schools which are held
at Neilson Field on May twenty-third, should
start training for the races as soon as possible
and should by all means try to enter in the
contest to be held March fourteenth. All men
who are willing to uphold the honor of Rut-
gers Preparatory School on the running
track are urged to give their names to Mr.
Dodge, who will be found at the Ballantine
Gymnasium between four and five on the after-
noon of any day except Saturday and Sunday.
A good nucleus for a successful team is
already in the school, as Messrs. Bergen,
Woodbridge and Miller, who did such excel-
lent running last year, are still with us. Let
us give them the support they deserve.

The annual contest for the Lane prize in
elocution will be held in the auditorium of
Rutgers Prep. School on the evening of Wed-
nesday, March twenty-fifth. March twenticth
was the day first chosen, but as a gymnasium
meet between Rutgers College and New York
niversity falls upon that date, the postpone-
ment of the speaking contest was considered
advisable. The contestants will be selected
THE ARGO.

the men who have received the highest
from in declamation during this school
ees prizes consist of fifteen dollars for
ia ‘place and ten dollars for second.
i

In a recent issue of this magazine one aoe

sbution was signed by the name of the writer.
a i writer desires us to announce that his
e was printed through an error, pe he
mee to have a nom de plume used instead.
in

Mr. A. L. Bouton, a former English instruct-

i ‘Rutgers Preparatory School, visited the
a sal i February eleventh and twelfth.
oe jedunatitea were over on the twelfth
ee tase asked Mr. Bouton to say a few
ids ‘and he responded, congratulating Dr.
po and the student body on the fine con-
dition in which he found the school. Mr.
Bouton, who left us in 1898, is now a professor
in New York University.

Mr. Corning, ’04, has left Rutgers Prepara-
tory School and intends to study elsewhere for
the remainder of the year. _His departure is
universally regretted, for his many excellent
qualities had secured him a large circle of
friends among both the students and the in-
structors of this institution. Mr. Corning is
one of the most powerful orators that has ever
been in this school, and at the time of his de-
parture his name was often mentioned among
the students as a probable contestant for the
Lane prize.

Mr. Ralph P. Badeau, ’o4, has left school
for a time on account of trouble with his eyes.
We trust that he will be back in time to resume
his duties on the Board of Editors of this
paper during the fast approaching baseball
season. His friends (among whom are num-
bered all at Rutgers Prep. School who know
him) wish him a speedy recovery and return
to Rutgers Prep. School.

At a meeting of the Athletic Association,
held in Mr. Fuller’s room at recess on the
morning of Wednesday, February twenty-
fifth, Mr. Granger Lang was elected student-
manager of the baseball team by a large ma-
jority of votes. Mr. Taverner was the other

87
candidate for the position. On the following

day Mr. Opdyke was tnanimously elected
manager of the track team,

On February twenty-seventh the Delta
Theta Fraternity held its eighth annual ban-

quet at the Mansion House. A very enjoyable
time was had by all present.

We regret to announce that Mr. R. Watson,
’04, is seriously ill at his home with pneumo-
nia. In the wish that Mr, Watson may soon

be once more among us, we voice the senti-
ments of the entire school,

TT

ALUMNIANA,

’

N.N. Williamson, a former “Senior Editor”
of this paper, has a position with the Equitable
Life Insurance Company, of New York.

A. Ranson is studying in the Seminary this
year.

9 :
H. V. Badeau is doing engineering work for
the Western Electric Company.
A. E. Brown is in the employ of the Aetna
Indemnity Company, of 68 William street,
New York City.

F. W. Conger is studying at the New York
Law School.
B. I. Cropsey is with the Lawyers’ Title In-

surance Company, of 37-39 Liberty street,
New York City.

M. M. Davidson is employed by the Penn-
sylvania Railroad at Grand Rapids, Mich.

S. C. Devan is employed in the office of the
Pennsylvania Railroad and is located at Phila-
delphia, Pa.

H. P. Miller, who is located at Minneapolis,
Minn., is employed in the service of the Equit-
able Life Insurance Company.

G. H. Bennett teaches school at Fort Han-
cock, N. J.

O. E. Fisher is in the Seminary this year.

Asher Lipman is engaged in civil engineer-
ing work at Englewood, N. J.

J. F. Scott is teaching school at Cedar Croft,
Summit, N. J.

 
THE ARGO.

838
5 employed by the Western

Ww. B. Wyckoff i
of New York.
'00.

Electric Company,

Albert Case narrowly escaped death in the
railroad wreck at Westfield some time ago.

As it was, he was badly bruised. Mr. Case
played tackle on our championship team of ’97-
He is now in business in New York City.

C. Wilber is in three events—horizontal bar,
club swinging, and tumbling—0" Rutgers’

“ gym” team.

Miss Marion arried to Mr.

S, Pettit was ™
W. P. Weikert, of Philadelphia, on February
1 at the home of her parents, 106 Welton
street, city. Mr. and Mrs. Weikert, who were
married by Dr. Snyder, of the St. James’ M. E.
Church, will reside in Camden until the com-
pletion of their home, at Haddonfield.

Martin Schenck was one of the three men
chosen to represent Rutgers in her annual de-
bate with Union this year. This is the second
time that Mr. Schenck has made the debating
team.

or.

C. Badeau is working for the

tric Company, in New York City.
02,

As was expected, T. A. Devan was selected
to represent Rutgers on the horizontal bar.
‘This is the second R. P. S. man to represent

Rutgers in this event.
Ss

Western Elec-

Miss —— (translating French): “Il se
“Fe kissed himself.’ I mean, ‘He

baissa ”"—
kissed the dog.’”
Miss —— (translating Cesar): “It was

the seventeenth hour, and during the whole
battle no one could see an enemy.”

Definition for Apostrophe—“ The figure of
speech in which the living are addressed as if
dead.” ys
; Cc. C——n (in Latin Prose Class) : “ What
is Latin for ‘boom companions,’ Professor?”

Dr. Payson: “ What name is used of the cat
in the way ‘canine’ is used of the dog?

Miss ——: “ Quadruped.”

McK——n (in English Class): “The

Witches said that Banquo’s ancest
; tor:
become kings.” $ would
M——r (translating Illiad) : “ And gt
weaving a great mast.” Ne Was
Prot: —-? “Don’t you know that ther
at least thirty-two ablatives? Now, y a are
this one?” » Which jg
Miss ——: “ Probably the thirt
-se
I only know thirty-one.” Y-second, for

 

ANNEX NOTES.
CLYTIE.

Clytie was a nymph who lived i
the bottom of the sea. Around bach roe at
sea weed and sea flowers. For chairs e grew
flat stones covered with moss. i used

Clytie had horses and a carriage of he
own. The horses were turtles and ; very
The carriage was a shell. goldfish,

One day Clytie took a drive in her sh
carriage. She fell asleep. When she a
she found herself on the surface. Ju shi
a large wave drove her carriage to ae
She alighted from the carriage. ed

Clytie at first, dazzled b :
could not see. She had oe 2s
flowers or birds before. Then she | es
to the sky. oe

There she saw the beautifu ki
wished that she could se fen te ng
All day she watched him until he oy -
West. Then she went home. an

The next day Clyti i
ytie went again to the

When the sun-king had gone down td ae

the hills in the West, Clytie thought she = ie

go home, but she found that she could :

move. Her feet had become rooted in ihe

ground. Her green dress had changed int

green stem and leaves. Her golden hair h 4

changed to yellow petals. The little sea f: =

a changed to a beautiful sunflower ae

Even now the sunflower t
sun on its daily course, Becta
C. Van Santwoop Knox

Sixth Grade,

 
THE ARGO.

PANDORA,

ksmith of Jupiter. One

eS reel to come and see his
s aaa. They were very much pleased.
latest 5 re resembling Venus. It was so
ae i os gave it gifts. Jupiter gave her
ee gave her wit, Minerva gave her

life, her hands. Then they named her

skill with

yan sent her to Prometheus and Epi-

eus would not have her, but

ae ciicus Soe her to his home. They

pet ily for awhile, but one day Pandora

Ses aintly carved box. She asked Epi-

a ee it was. He told her that it was

ae - the gods, and that no mortal should
a sec!

= day Pandora thought that she
i Js te i When she came near the
- the figures on it seemed to smile. She
ay the lid and all evil, sin, sorrow and sick-
Le e out and flew over the world.
oe ok dropped the lid of the box and sat
oe cry. She heard a sweet voice saying,
ae me out and I will comfort you.” She
oe the lid and Hope came out to comfort
her and us in this pe (ee
Fifth Year.

———————————

HE HUMOUR OF EXAMINATIONS. — 3
looking over a pile

he other day, as I was | er a pile
L books, I found one, particularly interest-
ie which gave examples of certain answers
fied in by scholars on examination papers.
Among these were the following, which show
the extent of knowledge of some students on
various subjects : a sons
Deis is a round, straight line, with a hole
i middle. is
- a a gladiator was killed he held up his

finger, and if the spectators wanted him to live

they held up their thumbs. foe
the Lacons talked Laconic, _ 4
Macbeth was terrified by the gh
Bancroft. Ra
Grammer gives us the langui sh

89

Julius Cesar is noted for his famous teles
gram despatch, “ I came, I saw, I conquered.”

The principal mts. of America are
beef, veal. a

In Austria the principal
ering Austrich feathers,

Homer’s writings are Homer’s Essays Vir-
gil the aeneid and paradise Jost some people
say that these poems were not Written by
Homer but by another man of the same name,

The unfortunate Charles First was executed
and after he was beheaded he held it up ex-

claiming “ Behold the head of a trater |”
Vv.

occupation is gath-

 

AFFAIRS AT RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL”

(From Our Special Correspondent, Mr. John
Smith.)

Dear Argo—The Prep. School is a great in-
stitution and includes many professions and
callings. For instance, we have a Hotel-Keep-
er or Taverner, a Miller, a Potter, a Fisher, a
Fuller, a Wheel-Wright, etc.

Talk about “the man with the hoe;” one
of our patrons is a man with two Hoes, Jack
and Jim, and he sends both to our school.
Where is the Edwin who will re-Mark ’em in
another world-renowned poem? We have a
Case for one of our future lawyers. We have
a Smythe whom fate didn’t “try to conceal.”
We have a Woodbridge Atwater, or we can
Ford Scott free, no matter W(h)atson of
Belial objects or Howells at us. When our
Fisher is not successful in catching any of the
Phinney tribe or when his catch is Shorty he
pays the Price at the fishmonger’s before
showing his Hall of Moss-bunkers.

Our boys “Pop in” for “Dogs” at

“ Pop’s” less frequently now since “ Pop” has
moved downtown. But

 

   
  
   
 
  
 
   
THE ARGO.

go
interesting thing about the
school is a recent engagement. Felicitations
and best wishes are in order. cee ss
pupils regret the prospective loss to the schoo
of a well-beloved teacher, but feel that the suc-
cessful suitor has made a commendable cap-
ture and not a Burr-glary.
We have a Stout * * * but H-Evans, we
hear our dinner bell and must not neglect that
Warner of our Cook that the food will get
cool. Like the great George W., we cannot
pre-Varick-ate, but must own Up that we do
love our dinner and will Sally forth to 1t, leav-
ing this unfinished. It would Hardy-ly do to
lose our grub. ’7i(t)s-worth much to us.

Respectfully,
Joun Siri.

But the most

 

COBWEBS.
STUDYING CICERO.

Well, now for Latin. Gad, I’m tired.
I’ve studied hard all day,
But I, when daylight has expired,
Must use the lamp’s dim ray.
Here’s Cicero, his cover torn,
His binding smeared with ink.
Come on, old chap, to-morrow morn
I'll flunk in you, I think.

Here is the lesson, good and long,
In “ Archias,” blast his soul!
How does this go? Hark, there’s the gong,
As ten o'clock does toll.
Well, I must work. “But if now I”
Then “ mirum.” What means this?
If i were a, and um, y
This work would all be bliss.

Ah, Mary, would this dull old book,
So known in classic fame,
Had half the charm for those who look,
As has your own sweet name.
But Cicero, (poor man) had died,
Long years before your birth.
Before you came to glorify
The hearts of all the earth.

But rather than this printed page,
I'd read your eyes of blue.

I’d be your scholar for an age,
And learn my lessons, too.

For all the books that man has made,
Since Adam fell from grace,

Must into less than nothing fade,
Compared with your dear face.

Irom you a lesson I have learned,

Such as they teach above.
A lesson never to be spurned,

That lesson, dear, is love.

* * x i‘

O, fudge! I cannot study now.

The words go all contrary.
Confound all Latin, anyhow!

I guess I’ll write to Mary.

MAracut Smnctatre,

THE SCARLET AND THE WHITE,

(Tune— Battle Hymn of the Republic.”)
1. Come all ye sons of Rutgers Prep., we’l|

make the rafters ring,

A song of praise and victory with one ac-
cord we'll sing,

And in our exhultation to the breeze we'll
proudly fling

The Scarlet and the White.

(Cho.) Here’s a health to Rutgers Prep
School,
Here’s a health to Rutgers P
School, : oe
Here’s a health to Rutgers P
School, : a
The Scarlet and the White.

2. Our baseball teams have mighty lists of
glorious victory.
In football our antagonists before our
heroes flee.
Our enemies all tremble when approaching
them they see
The Scarlet and the White.

(Cho.) Here's a health, ete.
THE ARGO.

hearts are true, olir arms are strong,
Our hea: in a mass we rise,
an sacred honor of the grand old
To Biol we prize. b
Rutgers Prep. School men are by,
we foe can e’er surprise
no ihe Scarlet and the White.

(Cho-) Here’s a health, etc.

 

THOSE MARCH WINDS.

of a broad, open avenue
Pe are ‘he March winds are rush-
is seer to strike the unwary passer-
i
by- he first victim. He is an
"hh, di Oc with white hair,
ee should be courteous enough to
ae re x But no, there goes his hat, whirl-
ee oe like one possessed. However,
ae Tae follows it good-naturedly, and
eae ith a smile upon his face.
ree ene are thoughtful and clap their
oe ick heads on passing the dangerous
aa o that the Winds are powerless to do
ae blow them in whatever direction
more c -
. cute set Seay of school girls, and
oe them, in hastily clutching her hat, drops
a ks, and: much to her dismay, the wind
- ie se no difficulty in scattering the multi-
. : apers and notes between the leaves.
ae hoe boys, with their snug-fitting
na ye proof against these attacks, and pass
= comer whistling carelessly. But the Winds
wreak their vengeance upon the stout people
ho go by, and they manage somehow to send
atte every one of extra weight puffing and
blowing after some truant belonging. ace
lady over there was about to board a car, w -
her veil blew away and her hat all but fo -
lowed. And see how the winds delight in
bringing to view the slender ankles of that
modest little school teacher, and how crimson
her face becomes as she tries in vain to hide
ee comes a stylish young woman whose
large black hat will afford excellent sport to

91
the wind Sprites, and she

can only bow her

, both her hands are
busy with skirts and Parcels. Swish} the
winds have conquered. The swift Tush of air
which carri

and the young lady,
scream, stands helplessly gazi
brown hair blown to her
young lady sighs hopelessly,
thoughts back to earth, enter:
rearrange her hair.

May the March winds st
year no longer than the ti
on the calendar.

HH

ALL FOOL’S DAY.

All Fool’s Day, or April Fool's Day, is the
day for practical jokes,

Every one expects to
get through the day without being fooled, but
few are successful,

On April Fool’s Day, two or three years
ago, in a certain school in New York State
strange things happened.

One strange thing was that when the regis-
ters were opened, the hot air made all the
pupils and the teacher sneeze. Another was,
that the scholars, having been dismissed when
the clock pointed to twelve, found, when they
arrived, that they were home half an hour ear-
lier than usual,

A certain elderly lady, given to practical
joking, had several men living in the house
with her. On April Fool’s morning, as they
were starting for business, they went to get
their hats and found them glued to the table
and their gloves sewed up at the wrists,

At an April Fool’s party the muffins were
stuffed with cotton, the candy flavored with
Cayenne pepper, the coffee sweetened with salt
and the nuts, when opened, were found to
contain nothing.

One time a certain boy had one chocolate
left in a bag. He was offering it to the girls
around, but they all refused. No one knows
what made them, except that it was the last
one and they felt delicate about taking it.

At last a young lady came in and it was of-

after one little
ng upward, her

shoulders, The
and, bringing her
Sa nearby shop to

ay with us this
me allotted to them

»

(03.

 
92 THE ARGO.

fered to her. She took it, but soon regretted
it, for she found her mouth full of red pepper
and that bad boy laughed!

It is very easy to fool some persons who
are afraid of spiders, for they are so much
afraid of them that if there is a possibility of
a spider anywhere near, although they know it
is April Fool’s Day, they immediately get out
of the way.

It is very common and not very funny to
call out, “ You dropped something,” when you
did not drop anything, and it is much better to
salt some one’s oatmeal than to call out, “ You
dropped your handkerchief.” G,

 

MARCIL MEDITATIONS,

March is supposed to be the month of free
speech and a general enlightenment as to the
true state of affairs, so will our readers pardon
a quiet look along the road which is still ahead
of us? We are now approaching the second
milestone—March. Farther on comes April,
and, before the turning, May. Beyond that
we cannot see. For the Senior this path leads
to a place called “college,” and every step
along the way is of double significance. Be-
cause our school life is nearly over, the last
few months are very precious—because of the
life ahead we must be better prepared to meet
it. So, as each stone is passed, to feel that
something has been accomplished, and that the
last mile was better than the one before it; this
is our aim, this our purpose. 03.

LAr.
A Fable.

It was a beautiful Sunday morning. Service
was just over, and Mr. and Mrs, Legion in
their holiday attire were parading leisurely
homeward. In the course of their walk they
passed by the hovel of honest Poverty, Pov-
erly’s two children were playing in the gutter,
‘The little boy had scraped up 2 mound of mud
by means of an oyster shell, and the little girl
was industriously packing the soft, plastic
mass into some old tomato cans. ‘They were
happy.

Their evident disregard for the Lord’s Day
annoyed good Mrs, Legion. Drawing her
skirts close about her, she exclaimed: “ What
perfect little heathen!”

“Filthy little beasts,” replied her husband.

And the children kept on playing.

Xk * * *

A few moments later they passed by the
mansion of Mr. Wealth. Mr. Wealth’s two
small children were playing on the wide lawn.
The little boy had scraped up a mound of white
sand from the driveway by means of a minia-
ture spade, and the little girl was industriousty
packing the substance into some tiny pails.
They were happy.

‘The sight of the children at their innocent
sports pleased the kind heart of good Mrs. Le-
gion. Smiling and waving her gloved hand
to them, she exclaimed: “ What perfect little
dears!”

“Qute little youngsters,” replied her hus-
band.

And the children kept on playing.

L. M. Onvinun.

DON’T TELL A BOY
THAT HE IS DULL.

“Fe is the most stupid boy in the school; I
cannot drive anything into his brain,” said a
teacher to a visitor. The kind-hearted visitor,
whose sympathies went out to the “ dull” boy,
made no reply to the teacher’s remark; but, as
he was passing into another room, he patted
the offender’s head and said, “ Never mind,
my boy; you may be a great scholar some day.
Do not be discouraged, but try, try, and keep
on trying.”

The discouraged boy became the author of
a famous commentary on the Bible. He was
Doctor Adam Clark, and the whole current of
his life was changed by a few kind and encour-
aging words from the passing stranger.

In order to influence a boy to make the most
of himself, one must first reach his heart. His
confidence must be won by taking a real and
permanent, instead of a feigned or spasmodic,
interest in him.

If you put a new hope into a boy’s life; if
THE ARGO,

e something in him which parents or
es do not see; if you discern possibilities
one hat awaken his ambition, as the spring
a 2 sages the shrinking germ and

you SC

sunshin
helps it t
won his
you wil

heart forever. You can mold him as
1—(From Success.)

 

PAT’S MISTAKE.
With an aching tooth, at morning’s light

t Donnegan left his home;
nie murtherin’ blackguard,” all the night

Had made poor Donnegan moan.

With sorrowful phiz and watery eye,
Pat tracked along in the rain,

When these words his optics chanced to spy,
“Teeth pulled without any pain.”

Down went his shovel and in went Pat,
Like a “ broth of a bye” as lie was,

And down in the dentist’s chair he sat,
With wide distended jaws.

In went the nippers and out came the tooth—
“Ye miserable snag,” said Pat,

“You'll trouble me now no more, forsooth,”
And he made for his old white hat.

“ My pay, if you please,” said the dentist man.
“Och, murther! what’s that yer sayin’?
Ye wretched old pirate, don’t it say on yer sign,
Teeth pulled widout any pa’in?”
—Ex.

RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.
Rutcers Preparatory ScHOOL,
New Brunswick, N. J.

Whereas, It has pleased God in His wis-
dom to take a life from the family of our be-
loved friend and classmate, Paul Ely McChes-
‘cy, our President, be it

Resolved, That we, the members of the
class of nineteen hundred and three, do hereby
le our sincere and heartfelt sympathy for

him in hj ‘
™ in his hour of sorrow ; and be it further

9 lift its head above the sod, you have .

93
hat these Tesolutions be Sent to
PY of them published in The

THE CAss,
nang

RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT
Rutcrrs PREPARATORY ScHoor,

Resolved,
him and a co
Argo.

New Brunswick, N, J.

Whereas, God, in His infinite wisdom, has
been pleased to take unto Himself one in
the family of our beloved friend and fellow-
editor, Paul Ely McChesney, be it

Resolved, That we, the editors and man-
agers of The Argo, do express our
sincere sympathy for him i
affliction ; and, be it further

Resolved, That these resolutions be sent to

him and a copy of them published in The
Argo.

deep and
n this time of his

Marcarer §. Scorv,

T. Dupiry Wooprrincs,
F. Grancer Lane,

Committee.

 

EXCHANGES.

The January issue of The Valkyrie (Somer-
ville, N. J.) is an excellent example of what a
school magazine should be. School news and
literary work are found in its pages in just the
right proportions. Although the size of The
Valkyrie is very small, yet in interest and merit
it surpasses many of its larger competitors.

The January Folio (Berkeley, N. Y.) con-
tains this startling statement: “Just as we
are going to press the match with Columbia
Institute is finished.” We wonder if the match
went off and burned them when they pressed
it.

In the February Searchlight (Yonkers, N.
Y.) are some cleverly written stories. Espe-
cially well written are: “ The Moon’s Story
and “ The Apologetic Man.”

A very readable little paper is The Spray
(Chattle High School, Long Branch, N. J.).
The appearance of this magazine 1s a.
and the greater part of the contents is .
written. But there is one article printed in the
o4 THE ARGO.

February issue which is not up to the Spray’s
usual standard. This production is called
“The Hittite,” and is an attack on labor union-
ism. The author of “ The Hittite” starts out
in an imitation of the style used by writers of
fables. Towards the centre of the article he
changes his style, and simply argues, dropping
the original half-comic tone. He resumes his
first manner of writing in the last few para-
graphs. His one argument—that the work-
ingman loses and the agitator gains by the
strike—is old and threadbare, and his whole-
sale condemnation of labor agitators is un-
called for. John Mitchell has been called a
labor agitator—does the author of “ The Hit-
tite” consider him as “mean, insignificant,
poisonous, and fit for destruction?”

One of our most interesting exchanges
comes from California. It is the Chico Nor-
mal Record and there are few Eastern school
papers which can equal it in literary merit.

We are always glad to receive the Vail-
Deane Budget. We have never found any-
thing in it to call forth unfavorable criticism.
The February number contains some L,imer-
icks that are very amusing, and that have the

added charm of being entirely original. The
story, “ A Change of Opinion,” which appears
in the issue for the same month, is very well

written.

The Walking Leaf (Montour Falls, N. Y.)
makes a great mistake in excluding all reading
matter from the first page and filling it with
advertisements of the school. Loyalty should
be one of the chief virtues of a school paper,
but the Walking Leaf looks more like an ad-
vertising pamphlet of Cook Academy than a
magazine.

The article called “ A Guide to Mothers ” in
the Westminister (Simsbury, Conn.) Review
for February is cleverly written and should be
read and studied by all parents.

“What started the fuss at the milkmen’s
ball?” ‘“ Some blamed fool asked one of the
men if he had brought his pumps along.”

“ But,” she said, “ we are little more than
strangers as yet, you know.” “ Yes,” he an-
swered, “ but don’t let that interfere. We can
break off the engagement after we get better
acquainted, if necessary.”

 

 

True Bristle Brushes.

Our stock of Brushes is very unusual.
quality or variety anyfhere.

Brushes and Hand Brushes.
FRESH CANDIES every day.

There may be larger collections, but there is no better
These are the true bristles, wired in, so that hot water or anything
else cannot make theme come out. They will wear and wear and wear.
Brushes that gave such perfect satisfaction. They include Hair Brushes, Nail

We known

Tooth

have never
Brushes,

They are the cheapest, because the most durable and satisfactory.

Photo Supplies.

Cameras, Kodaks, Tripods, Frames, Films, Negatives, Prints, Developers,
Powder, Mounts and everything pertaing to the crat.
If you are thinking of buying a CAMERA, wi

the practical value of the various machines,

Toners, Flashlight

e will be pleased to tell you all we know about

Our DARK ROOM is at the disposal of all our patrons at any time.

We have all the LITERATURE that we could g
FREE distribution, to those interested in the subject.

et hold of, about Amateur Photography. It is for

At least come and let us know that you are interested in photographie goods,

J. F, BRADLEY, DRUGS AND GIFTS.

CoRNER GEORGE AND CHURCH Srs., Naw Brunswick, N. J

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.
 

oa

THE ARGO. si

Delicious Milk Shakes
PURE BRED POULTRY. oA

 

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,

Barred Plymouth Rock Hatching
Eggs $1.00 and $2.00 per
15.

Agency for Huyler’s Candies,

Cor. George and Washington Streets
CIRCULAR FOR LETTER

WILLIAMS & METLAR LOUIS LEITHEISER,
roe cee Ropulat Barbas

Edgemere Farm, New Brunswick, N. J. 893 George St., New Brunswick, N. J.

HUGHES LAUNDRY,
Members of American Plymouth Rock

Club Fanciers’ Association of New Jersey. 80 CHURCH ST.

Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students,

 

 

R. W. HUGHES, Prrprietor.

 

 

Rubber Tired Cabs, Coaches and Light Carriages.

 

When patronizing our advertisers, plese du not neglect to mention The Argo.
=

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

FOUNDED 1766.

 

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Px. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ROY C. BURR, A. B., Latin Master.
HERMAN H. WRIGHT, A. M., Mathematics.
JOHN H. FULLER, A. B.,Greek Master.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS ANNA L,. HARDY, A. B., French and German.
MISS ELIZABETH B. CORBIN, A. B., French and German.

 

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

Instructors.
MISS MARY GREGG, —e

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.
