 

 

 

THE ARGO

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SENIOR NUMBER

 

 
II
THE ARGO.

‘THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

TWO STORES: a street and Commerce square.

Viehmann Building, George and Paterson sts.

(&E Tabard Inn Library station at our George street store.

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

FARMS BOUGHT, SOLD, RENTED AND
EXCHANGED’

 

384 GEORGE ST.., NEW BRUNSWICK.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. Jd.

&% FINE JOB PRINTING: &

Of Every Description.

BU. TAPER,

JEWELER,
All Kinds of Soclety Emblems Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

Made to Order.

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS AND JACKETS, “*"cubeews “"' New stock or DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings
Co 3 27 CHURCH STREET.

Pp. J. Young Dry Goods,

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
THE ARGO. Il

K Clothing and Furnishing
Quality and Merit.

N Fownes and Dents Gloves. Cluett and
O Monarch Shirts.

 

 

x Hageman & Crater,

g6 Church Street

STEWART’S HAT STORE

(Established 75 Years)

CAPS, DRILL GLOVES, AND FURNISHINGS
CHURCH STREET, NO. 29,

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR--“SWELE*
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf. box culf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

PPPS HHH geek

PISS Sd g~

2
=
>

@

@

$

9 Peace St New Brenswicx.

 

 

O. O. STILLMAN,

JEWELER AND OPTICIAN. |
Diamonds, ee and Sterling Silver. Society Pins Photogra pher

Made ‘tw Or der, Card Engraving and Wedding

- S. VAN DERVEER

Invitutions.

 

45 CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.
S. ZIMMERMAN IL. VOLKERT,

BARBER Merchant. Tailor,

ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES | 859 GEURGE STREET,
381 GEORGE Si: New Draneiels Nid.

 

“Ww hen patronizing the stores ‘advertised ‘tac our “columns, “please “mention the. "ATEO. ie
THE ARGO.

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

—

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPLION.
380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Sweaters, LY ONS & PARKER, aes wee

Jerseys,
Clothiers and Furnishers 1 Paterson Block.

WILLIAM GAUB sare cometere Lise or..........

Dealer in All Kinds Of Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Meats and Sausages S iS O FE S
COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST. | ™ =

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

— AT LOWEST PRICES

Jacob Weber, cn
MERCHANT - TAILOR, WILLIAM J. SENG'S

417 George St.

 

 

| Rutgers Prep. School
’ 5
Hughes Laundry Shoe Stores.
And Carpet Cleaning Works.

80-84 Church Street.
Best Work at Standard Rates. | A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

Repairing Neatly Done.

ERNEST DEVER Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
}
}

 

CONTENTS

 

BAMMtOr als ose sicsesimiersccw a2 ean eee :6°S'6, Sie reiaterarere vi) | Resolutions of Respect ........c0cecsecees 90
BIUEN SE oo :e nies ssinenaieineelemsrer 75 | The Japanese School Boy ................4+ 90
A Perplexity 75 | A Whole Year ’Round, Poem .............. 96
Commencement, Poem. ...........ceee eee 79 The Meet. Of RUtgere) secs scccsweswesenenwn ce 101
A Midnight Adventure... ........0 cscs sece co 79 | Prep. School Fraternities ..............0+5 101
The Gymnasium .............0.-ee cece eee 84 The San Francisco Earthquake ............ 102
Our Graduates at Rutgers .......... ....0. 87 Annex Notes—

A BROCK oss ce ences ereenees cerennees 8s How the Dandelion Got Its Name... ...... 111
A Glance at Our Athletics ..............00,, , 89 The Dandelion ..............ceeeceeeeees 112
ILLUSTRATIONS
Rutgers Preparatory School and Ann2x, Frontispiece | The Approach to the Trap ............ 99
The Senior Clase «........cccccccccccsseeees 7 The Trap from Tennis Court .............. 99
The Staff of the Argo ...-.++-+++eeseeeeee 81 | The Trap from Hamilton Street: 2scsseieks 103
The Faculty ..0.sssseeeeeerereeeeeees SES - Beta Phi Fraternity ..........0..000e0eee00e 105

Football Team, 1905 ..........eeeeee weveee 91

ea. | Pau, ‘Phi Fraternity occ. cnc e ee ceas seis 107
Baseball Team, 1906 .........--eeeeeeeeeees 93

97 Delta Theta Fraternity .................... 109

Rutgers Preparatory School Cadets .... ....
 

THE ARGO.

Vout. XVII New Brunswick, N. J., MAy- JUNE, 1906 Nos « |

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the |

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by the T

Prit imes Publishing Company.

BOARD OF EDITORS:

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

EDITOR OF ALUMNI NEWS
LITERATURE
NEWS
BUSINESS MANAGERS

ANNEX NOTES

  

THIS NUMBER TWENTY-FIVE CENTS.

 
“XANNV ANY "IOOHOS AUOLVUVAGUd SUIDLAU

  
 

 

 
This issue of the Argo ends the regime of
the present board of editors. Shortly the days

of the class of 1906 will. end. Always has the
class endeavored to uphold the dignity and

 

 

 

 

honor of the school, and of the rank of senior.
We hope that the class of 1907 will surpass
us in all that we have done, in athletics and
in scholarships, even for the honor and glory
of the school.

There are two most pleasing views of a
school-year’s work. The one taken before we
have begun that year’s work, and the other

after we have completed it. The last view may
or may not be satisfactory in proportion to
the way we have done our work. The one
view lies before the class of 1907, the other
view lies before the class of 1905. May they
beth be full of hope and determination.

As a class we will never all meet together
again. Many of us will go to our parent col-
lege, Rutgers, and others to other colleges ;
some have ended their student life. Where-
ever the class may be, may each meinber be
strong in his influence for the right, and may
he live up to the highest ideals.

When we have gone from the school, never
again to enter as students, then we will realize
what kind of teachers we have had. Their
loyalty to us in holding us up to the highest
standards; their unselfishness in the unlimit-
ed attention bestowed upon us; their nobleness
and kindness as displayed in their every day
life ; all these qualities have made them such as
we will not soon find again; all these qualities
have made them endeared to us more than we
can express.

Then a greeting to our faculty and to all
our school-mates. May the years here spent
be of greatest profit and a source of pleasant
memory to them all. May this summer’s va-
cation be as much enjoyed as it is well earned.

ARGO.

ALUMNIANA.

'93, Ralph B. Parrott, who graduated from
Rutgers in 1897 and_ received the honor of
“best soldier” and was also recommended to
the United States Army, has been detailed as
instructor of military drill at Rutgers.

Ex-'g6, A most vivid description of Vesu-
vius has appeared in the New York Times,
written by Arthur Stanley Riggs, accompan-
ied by photographs.

Ex-’96, Mr. Maurice V. Campbell, who is
in the United States Marine Corps at Wash-
ington, D. C., was promoted from the rank
of second to first lieutenant.

‘oz, W. H. Benedict has been playiny on
the Rutgers College Chess Club, also Bevier
‘or, (both have done good work.)

‘or, Bevier, has been on the Rutgers de-
bating team for the past two years.

‘oz, Thomas A. Devan was declared “best
soldier” of the cadets of Rutgers for the year
1906. .

’o2, Benedict, Smalley, Devan, Mittag.
Green, Murphy, Murray and Bevier, ’or, ex-
pect to take part in the senior play of 1906,
Rutgers.

Former Governor Voorhees of the State of
New Jersey, who, at one time, was an instruc-
tor in the Prep. school, has declined the ap-
pointment of Judge of Circuit Court.

Byron Cummings who is in the department
of Greek and Latin in the University of Utah,
is now serving his fourth year on the Board
of Education of Salt Lake City and was re-
cently the President of the Utah Teachers’
Association of Salt Lake City, at its twelfth
annual session on January 2, 3, 4 and 5. Mr.
Cummings was formerly an instructor in
Greek at R..C: P..S.

 

A PERPLEXITY.
Eliot Campbell came down the main stair-
case of Marwood College and found himself
THE ARGO.

76

caught up by a crowd of Sophomores. “Good
for you, Campbell! You've won the Fraser.
Your name is at the head of the list.” This, he

heard from ali sides. ‘Then they gave him a
class yell and rushed off to learn the results
of a Freshman examination which were just
being posted.

When he went over to the bulletin board to
find out the results for himself, Roger Brooks
went with him. Sure enough, there was the
list of seven competitors with his name at the
head, Elliot H. Campbell, ninety-two—and
the last, Carl McLean, seventy.

Then they walked across the campus to-
gether, and Elliot told his friend that he was
poor, yes, very poor, and that he had just
enough money to take him through the Fresh-
man and Sophomore years by careful man-
agement. Now he was without a cent and the
Fraser Scholarship was the only thing which
stood between him and the certainty of having
to drop out of his class and then coming back
in two or three years’ time.

On the way across the campus he learned
that one of the most important conditions of
the Fraser contest, he had, in some way, over-
looked. This was, that preference was to be
given to competitors of the names Fraser,
Campbell or McLean. So under that condi-
tion he would have taken the prize if he were
just above seventy, for Carl McLean had
seventy, and that was the required standing.
Now Elliot seemed to be troubled, and when
he left Roger, he walked very fast to his board-
ing house, and flinging himself into a chair,
bowed his head on his hands. He had no right
to the Fraser, for his name was not Camp-
bel, although perhaps no one in the world
knew it besides himself.

He had been born in a rough mining camp
in British Columbia. When he was a month
old his father, John Hansselpakker, has been
killed in the mine, leaving his wife and child
penniless and almost friendless. Alexander
Campbell, a kind Scotchman, befriended Mrs.
Hanselp2kker, and ker son, in many ways and
two years later she married him. She died

i

when Elliot was ten years old anq
father, five years later. But when }
asked [Elliot to retain his name,

That evening he fought a hard bidiis
Something whispered to him to holq ‘.
tongue and keep the Fraser. Campbell is a
name. You've borne it all your life, and the
condition is a ridiculous one. You made the
highest mark and ought to be the winner, But
something else seemed to tell him that he
would be a cheat and a cad if he kept it.
Campbell is not your legal name.

Elliot passed a sleepless night of undeci-
sion. The next day he went to the president
of the college and as a result of his interview
an announcement was posted that the Fraser
Scholarship had been wrongly awarded, and
Carl Mclean was posted as the successful
competitor. He was overwhelmed with sym-
pathy but he did not seem to mind the loss

very much.

The following afternoon he was summoned
to the president’s office. The president was
there and also a motherly looking woman who
was introduced to Elliot as Mrs. Fraser. She.
told him she was very much interested when
she heard of his peculiar name, for she had a
half-sister who married a mari named Jolin
Hansselpakker and that was the last she had
heard of her Mrs. Fraser said that her
sister's name was Helen Rodney.

Elliot said, “ Mary Helen Rodney was
my mother’s name and John Hensselpak-
ker was my father’s.” “Then you are my nep-
lew,” she said, slipping her arm through El
liot’s, “and will be my boy forever if you are
willing.” So Elliot H. Campbell did not have
to leave college that year nor through his
whole collegiate course. ’06.

his Step.
€ died he

 

One day as I was walking towards Wes-
tons MILLS, [ met a man with a HOF. He
had a WHITEHEAD of hair and a BLACK
moustache. I recognized him at once as a
CAMPBELL-driver I had once seen in a
circus. He told me he was now a MASON,
but was still pretty GREEN at the job, for
‘SSVTO UOINGS FHL

 

 

 

 
THE ARGO. 79

he had juse been a COLEMAN. I said: “I
suppose you have gotten some pretty hard
KNOX since you left the show last winter?
“Yes,” he said, “| have. First I was an ap-
PRENTISS to a bleck-SMITH, a WELSH-
man too, but he was a DULJE. Cnce he ac-
cvsed me of stealing a fish-SPEAR and a
CASE of trout-flies. He said to me: You
can PAY SON or get out,’ and I chose to get
out, for I wondere-1 WAT SON of my father
would work for such a_ fellow. Now I
STELLE re JOYCE that 1 am SCOTT-free.”

ReEvIn.

 

COMMENCEMENT.
The time for parting now draws near with
tco fast steps,
The day that we must part, perhaps for life,
is nigh. :
Ah! through our: minds crowd thick and fast
the fleeting thoughts,
Those memcries that come net again with-
out a sigh.

We think with fond remembrance of those
happy. hours
We've spent.in learning with our class that
knowledge cear,
That fits us for the place that we must fill in
in life.
And brings us close to Nature, beauty, sage
and seer.

Beyond the priceless value of knowledge that
we've gained,—
Far exceeding all wisdom in Latin and
Creek —.
Are the friendships we’ve made in’ the happy
days of youth,
That ne'er can be equalled though through
the world we seek,
Could w

¢ forever live but in the joys of youth
And 1

ever learn the pain and sorrows that
nitst come,

d not now regret the swift approach-
ing day,

Nor those tha

We woul

fast spun.

t almost 2s a dream have been.

With joyous Nature clad in all her gorgeous
hues
We pass this stage of life, are thrown upon
the world;
And in what place we find ourselves in futare
years
For right and truth and justice let our col-
ors be unfurled. TiDeeies

 

4 SDNIGHT_ADVENTURE.
It was eight o’clock cn’ a Aainy summer
evening, and since the weather did not per-

- mit wandering out-of-doors, many people

were still lingering in the dining-room of the
Great Lake Hotel. At one of the tables in a
far corner cf the room, a boy about sixteen
years old, but tall for his age, had been get-
ting very restless as time wore on. Finally
his mother looked at him disapprovingly. _

“What is the matter with you, John?” she
asked. “You act like a six-year-old child.”

“Harold’s Waiting for me,”
boy.

“Can't he wait until you finish
ner?”

answered the

your din-

“Yes, mother, but he’s been waiting for half
an hour already, and I'm through anyway.”
“Well, I suppose if- you must be always
running after Harold Lansing, you may be
excused now, but I wish your family could
see something cf you once in a while. I’m not
sure that [ quite approve of that young per-
Son anyway,” she added half to herself.
Once outside of the dining room, Jehu
quickly found Harold, and the two sought
a dark corner of the veranda, where the rain,
which was pouring outside, did not blow in
very much. Having cautiously investigated
every spot where a person might by any pos-
sibility be concealed, they began a whispered
conversation. Harold always took the initia-
tive, while John yielded implicit and unusual-
lv unuestioning cbhetience. © It was [Tarold,
therefore, who began. |
“It's about time we got to work, and made

the final arrangements. I thought maybe
you weren’t coming at all.”
THE ARGO.

80
Ip it,” answered

but I couldn't he
any-

“There’s no great hurry
if you've done what you said you would.
te to buy all the things. I don’t thinks
we need the masks, myself, but I suppose it
would be wise to take sneakers. As for a
lantern and revolvers, why, we know the way
to his room perfectly well, and just where the
and we surely won’t have to use pis-

“Sorry,
John shortly.
way,
You were

pin is,
tols.
“You're the st
John Parker,”
had by this time risen above a
“What is the fun in being burglars, if you
don’t have a burglar’s outfit? I went to the
city this afternoon and bought them. I got a
kid to go in and get each article at a different
store, and I didn’t let him see my face very
well, so he can’t identify me, if we do get
caught or suspected or anything. I gave him
a quarter for his pains and he thought I'd
made a mistake and given him too much, I
guess, from the way he took to his heels.”
John was not convinced, but he found it
hard to argue against Harold, so he said
nothing more in opposition to the masks and
revolvers, hoping in his heart that they would
disappear in some way or other before their

upidest person I’ve ever seen,
repied Harold, whose voice
whisper.

services were required.

“Tet’s see, then, Hal, I’m to come to your
room at half past one, you'll have everything
ready and we'll start for Reggie’s room. at
1.45. or as soon as we can, Gee! won't he
he scared though when he finds his two-hun-
dred dollar diamond stick pin, that ‘deah Aknt
Ethel’ gave him, ‘because she loved him so,’
has disappeared. And then when he finds it
next day, won’t he be mad to think he’s
made such a fuss about it when he’s lost it
himself. You're gcing to hide it, aren’t vou
and then put it back to-merrew night, if he’s
sufficiently excited abort it during the day?
I'm thinking he won’t be saying quite so
much about it after this; at anv rate he won’t

show every Tom, Dick and Harrv how clever-
lv he’s hidden it.” John chuckled as he
thorght of the consternation of the youth

against whom the present expedition
Was

planned.
“T guess that’s all the siness
I guess that’s a the business. Then -

meet at 1.30 sharp, and don't go to sleep and
forget to wake up, or do any such foolish
stunt. One thing more, if we do hear any
one coming, you just follow me, and we'll get
away in short order.” '

“All right, see you at 1.30 then at room 15,”

“Yes, good-night.”

» * * * & * KF KF 4

The clock was striking two as one black
figure and then another glided noiselessly
from the door of room 15.

“Can’t see much with these masks, can
you?” whispered one.

“Course not. It’s dark as pitch,” murmur.
ed the other, “can’t you keep still?”

After this, nothing disturbed the intense
silence, except the booming of the waves up-
on the shore. Indeed this early morning
promenade was becoming gruesome, though
neither of the amateur burglars would have
confessed it to the other, when suddenly, as
tthey were just about to reach their destina-
tion, room 128, they heard footsteps approach-
ing. The steps ceased simultaneously with
their own, but in the silence that followed a
voice was distinctly heard issuing from room
129.

“They're there, I hear them. Go get them,
please.”

A panic seized John, and he stazted fsr-
ward instead of back, but a second later he
felt his wrist seized, heard a stern injunction
to be quiet and found himself being led swift-
ly though noiselessly down stairs and ovt tow-
ard the lake. John was so confused that he
followed his companion blindly till they reach-
ed the water’s edge. Here there was a small
naphtha launch moored to a private dock. He
started to protest on seeing that he was ex-
pected to jump in, but his fellow burglar said
softly but emphatically,

“Get in, you idiot, they'll be after us any
ninute.” :

S anicly
So John meekly stepped aboard, and two

 
 

 

 

THE STAFF OF THE ARGO.
THE ARGO.

minutes later they were on their way out to
the lake, In the channel which connected the
small bay, on which the hotel was situated,
with the lake, the storm had produced only
aswell which made navigation interesting, but
by no means dangerous, but once out of the
channel it seemed as if no small craft could
live. The waves were not large, but short and
choppy, and consequently much more danger-
cus.

“This seems to be a case of falling from
Charybdis into Scylla, and I think on the
whole I prefer Charybdis,” thought John.
Several times he had attempted to speak to
his guide, but found that it reqiured the un-
divided attention of one man to steer the boat.
Consequently he desisted from the attempt and
sat back in the stern, admiring the skill of
the steersman, which was even more appar-
ent when they no longer took the waves head
on, but traced a diagonal course to the left.
Setween her pitching and her rolling, it seem-
ed as if the boat must be swamped, but a turn
of the wheel at exactly the right moment, sent
them safely to the crest of a wave and down
again into the trough. By the time the launch
again turned toward shore, there was no fear
in the mind of the stern passenger, but such
trust in the steersman that he could enjoy
with no real apprehension the exhilaration of
the swife motion and dashing spray. In fact
he was almost sorry when they reached a
small inlet and ran toward the beach, and it
was with regret that he saw the little vessel
drawn upon shore and fastened.

He was sure by this time that his compan-
ion was not Harold Lansing, though he had
not the remotest idea who he was or how he
had happened to fall across him. He decided
to await developments before making any dis-
closures. It was not long before he had the
chance for which he had been waiting. The
other person spoke for the first time since
leaving the bay.

“We'll light a fire here and have something
to eat and dry off a little. No one can see
us in this hollow except from the lake, and

83

<

Us too rough for boats to come poking their
noses around here out of mere curiosity.”

The rain had ceased falling some time be-
fore, and it did not take long to light a fire
in a place protected by some overhanging
rocks. The unknown, in busying himself about
the fire had thrown aside his mask. Now he
straightened himself and looked across the
flames at the figure on the other side.

“You might get the grub,” he said, “you
haven’t done much else so far.”

The boy started and uttered an exclama-
tion; then stood up so that he could clearly
be seen—his mask had been put aside long
before.

“Dean Parker!”

The person so addressed started. “How do
you know my name—why Johnny Parker,
where in the world did you— Where's Bill ?”

“Bill! Who's Bill?”

“Why, Bill’s the one I thought you were.”

“But what do you mean? What were you
doing ?”

Bill flushed. “I may as well tell the whole
story. After father thought I did that—you
know—stole all that money, I wasn’t going to
stay at home and have it drummed into me
all the time, so I left, but I couldn’t get any-
body to trust me because most of them knew
me in this part of the country so I took up
any kind of work I could find, and then I
got sick and couldn’t work and I fell in with
some men who knew how to get rich in a
hurry on other people’s money and I hadn't
anything left so I started in last night. That’s
ali.”

“Poor old idiot. Father has been trying to
find you for a long time. He found out not
very long after you left that you didn’t have
any more to do with that business than he
did himself. He never really thought it was
your fault any way, but you are so awfully
touchy that you go off at the first breath of
suspicion.”

“But look here, how did you get into the
business ?”

“Oh, I was just out for a lark with Harold
THE
84
i » a fellow’s
ing, We were going to take a fel
oe : d about it and

diamond pin and get him excite

then put it back. In the
you were Harold.”
‘here was silence
said thoughtfully,
to-night?”

darkness | thought

for a minute, then the

younger boy
“ spid you get anything

“No.”

“Neither did I.”

Again there was sile
John who broke it.

“ “Then you haven’t ever done anything that
they could lay finger on ad

“No.”

“Then you come back with me, and we'll
never let anyone but the family know about
it.” And he proceeded to unfold his plan.

It was now about four o'clock, and they
decided to walk back to the hotel, first leav-
ing in the launch, which belonged to the com-
pany of burglars of which Dean had nearly
made himself a member, a note to this effect:

“Decided to leave the gang. Won't squeal.
Get pinched if I did. Blim.”

It was only an hour’s walk back and they

were in their rooms by half past five, without
having had any embarrassing encounters.
They found that Harold, in the mean time,
had cleared his end of the snag by bargaining
with his burglar for the return of John, and
that the aforesaid burglar had slipped away
in the darkness unobserved.
_ It was for the interest of the Parkers not
to disclose the retreat of the burglars and on
the other hand it would be unwise for the
burglars to confess what they knew about
the Parkers, so there was little danger of
either party proving false to its word. The
father and mother were only too glad to see
.their oldest son return to them and judged
-leniently.

But there was one regret. Harold and John
met the next day and after congratulating
themselves on the way things had turned out,
looked woefully at each other,

“Well, Jacky, he’s wearing the pin this
‘morning. T saw him telling Miss Atkins

nee and again it was

ARGO.

about it. Here he comes now. Good-morning
Mr. Darling.” >

“Ah, good mahning. I hope you slept bet.
ter than | did last night. Miss Snow ocen-
pies the room next to mine —number ty em
know—and it’s distressing, positively distres.
sing. My deah fellows, I didn’t sleep a wink
till twelve o'clock. A chahming young lady
she is, chahming, I assure you, but has i
habit of talking in her sleep, distressing habit
indeed. Last night she talked almost continu.
ously—why—ah— I haven’t made a break, [
hope—No ?—you looked embarassed. Well,
at any rate, | was saying, she told me this
morning that she dreamed almost all night
that something was attacking her, first a
swehm of bees, then wolves, and that she
wished me to be her protector, and called out
to me to get them—ah—you seem to be
amused, young gentlemen. I—ah—positevely
refuse to be laughed at. I wish you good-
mahning, gentlemen.”

 

THE GYMNASIUM.

Some cf the pleasantest hours of my Prep.
school life, so soon to close, have been spent
in the Ballantine Gymnasium. It belongs to
Rutgers College, but we Prep. School stud-
ents are allowed to use it. It is one of the
largest in the country, and has a swimming
tank, four bowling alleys, a running track,
horizontal and parallel bars, fling rings, row-
ing machines, and other apparatus of modern
type. Here, under the direction of the College
Instructor of Physical Culture, I learned how
to exercise on the apparatus, wrestle, box,
fence and run, (although most of my running
was done on the quarter-mile track at Neilson
Kield, the College athletic ground), and to
swim.

And the swimming has been a very pleas-
ant and useful thing. I was taught how to
swim when T first came to school. The phy-
sical instructor stood on the edge of the
swimming tank, and held me up in the water
by means of a harness fastened at one end to
my waistband at the other to a pole which
“ALTOOVA FHL

 
THE ARGO,

he held in his hand. Later [ graduated to
cork jackets, and finally I learned how to
swim and float without the use of
paratus,

any ap-
Many a day, after an hour’s health-
fut exercise, | have taken a comfortable tepid
shower-bath, and then plunged into the cool
depths of the tank.

 

OUR GRADUATES AT RUTGERS.

What They Are Doing, and How They Are
Deing It.

It is natural that most Prep. School men
who go to college should choose the institu-
tion with which we are so closely connected—
Rutgers College. This no doubt is because
they have always the opportunity to see Rut-
gers at close quarters and to observe the
prominent part that Prep. School alumni take
m all its activities.

Rutgers Preparatory School is represented
rot only in all student interests of Rutgers,
but on the Faculty as well. Dr. Demarest, the
newly-clected President, who is to be inaugu-
rated in June, graduated from this school in
1879, and was later instructor here from 1883
to 1886. Dr. Bevier, professor of Greek, and
Dr. Newton, professor of German in the col-
lege, are also former instructors in our school.

The part taken by our graduates in ath-
letics speaks well for the training received
here at school.

The most conspicuous of Rutgers’ athletes
is Harold Edward Green, ’02, of the Senior
class. During the present college year he has
been captain of both the foot-ball and the
base-ball teams and a member of the gymna-

sium team.

Our men on the foot-ball team this year,
beside Captain Green, were N. C. Murray,
‘o2, right end, and D. J, Fisher, ’o4, full-
back.

The captain of the gymnasium team this
vear was T. A. Devan, ’o2. C. P. Wilber,
last year’s captain, who won the first place in

the Intercollegiate meet two years ago, in Tn-
dian clubs, is also one of our graduates, of
the class of 1901. ‘Three other members of

 

87
the gymnasium team also hail from the R. C,
P. S.—on the flying rings, parallel bars and
side horse, Green, ’o2, has been this year a
member of the executive committee of the
Intercollegiate Gymnastic association,

Two of our men are on the Rutgers track
team, Andreae, ’os, and R. Watson, ’o4, who
recently won first place in the mieet with C,
CuuNe

To turn now, from athletic activities, let
us look at the record of our graduates in oth-
er departments of college life.

Rutgers has never been defeated in debat-
ing, and her teams have, almost without ex-
ception, had one or more members, who were
Prep. School men. This year, Bevier, ’or, has
been on both the two debating teams which
defeated ‘Trinity and Union respectively.

Another successful team, of which Rutgers
is proud, has been its Chess team. Of this,
Bevier, ’o1, and Benedict, ’02, have been
members. This team won from Princeton by
a score of 6 1-2 to 1-2 and was beaten by Yale
and University of Pennsylvania, (the latter
the intercollegiate champions) by a score of
3 1-2 to 2 1-2 in both instances.

The Rutgers Glee Club which has had an
unusualiy successful season this year, has
been managed by another of our graduates,
Murphy, 'o2. There are three others of our
men on the club.

In the college cadets we have several rep-
resentatives among the commanding officers,
Highest of ail stands T. A. Devan, ’o2, as
cadet major. His work has been fitly crown-
ed by having the honor of “best” soldier con-
ferred upon him, F. O, Mittag, Jr., ’02, is a
cadet captain and W. H., Benedict, Jr., ’o2, is a
cadet first lieutenant. In the color guard,
Cadet First Sergeant Heath, 03, is appointed
as cadet captain from June 21, 1906, on. Other
promotions were Cadet Corporal Fisher, O4
to first sergeant; Miller, ‘04, to third serg-
ent; Vrooman, ‘05, to cadet corporal,

One more student activity
tioned—journalism,

is to be men-
We are represented in
88 THE

that too. Kilmer, ’o4, is on the staff of the

Targum, the Rutgers’ weekly.

The above record, though it is, to be sure,
but a “good tale badly told,” yet should be
a matter of some pride to Prep. School men.

A SKETCH. /
That troublesome Saturday morning lec

As soon as the gong clanged out the
way

ture!
close of the hour, we threaded our

through the crowd of German students to the
corner of the square where we could see the
rest of the party awaiting us. A hurried rush
for a passing car, and we were off for the
Anhalte Station—two of us swaying on the
rear platform—off on our excursion to Her-
renchiemisee. A few hours later we were
leaving the lake steamer at the Herrninssl
itseli.

We climbed up the path from the landing to
the inn, once the Monastery of Herrenchiem-
see. Here we ate our lunch on the verandah
overlooking the garden with its fine old trees
under which pert sparrows and gay little
beach-finches were congregated begging for
crumbs around the tiny tables. The charm
of the place is felt even here—the severe grey
building set on the edge of the lake, the quict
calm of the old garden, the solemnity with
which the little peasant child in Sunday at-
tire was dividing her bread with the finches,
all spoke the love of nature which must have
prompted those monks, ages ago, to establish
just here this refuge from the carking cares
of the world. Hither came Ludwig the
Second, darling of the peasantry, after failure
had met his most cherished plans, to build
here a castle after the plan of that much
admired palace of Versailles. A ten-minute
walk from the garden cf the inn brought us
out on the terraces overlooking the big, grass-
grown fountain basins. Within the palace we
were shown from room to room resplendent
with georgeous decorations and furnishings ;
the royal staircase glittering in gold, the
rich rooms all vividly recalling the apartments
upon which they were modelled—those rooms

ARGO.

in Versailles, eloquent at once of the magnifi-
cent courts of her kings and of those Pitiful
days of the French Revolution. Here jn the
royal bedchamber stands the splendid State
bed with its gorgeous hangings, the embroid-
eries in this room alone the work of thirty
skilled women. of Munich laboring seven
years. .

Further on in Gallerie des Glace the gold
bordered mirrors, the gilded chandeliers and
the crystal candelabra recall for a moment the
tarnished desolation of Versailles, only to
leave the imagination to picture King Ludwig
walking in solitary majesty up and down the
long gallery, feasting his splendor loving
eyes on the two thousand candles sparkling
in endlessly multiplied reflection in the long
mirrors. Solitary? Yes, to outward appear-
ances but not to his fancy for his mind was
filled with the presence of his adored idol,
Louis XIV, and his favorites. Up and down
he walked, holding imaginary conversation
with the French monarch, conversation spark-
ling with wit and repartee. On the solitary
king and his imaginary guests walked to the
dining-room and at their entrance the magic
table loaed with sumptuous dishes rose as in
the fairy tale through the floor to delight the
eyes of royalty with the perfection and costli-
ness of its appointments. Poor, unfortunate
king. A pitiful figure in the midst of his
splendor and lavishness ! Poor, impaired mind,
whose greatest happiness lay in these nights
spent thus with its imaginary guests.

After we left the castle, we went back
through the bright birch wood to the little
landing place where a picturesque boatman
was busied with his boat. ‘The bargain was
soon made for him to row us over to the
Fraueninsel, the tiny gem of an island mir-
roring its old trees in the blue, shimmering
lake. The boatman was evidently delighted
with his bargain for he good-naturedly re-
plied to all our questionings. Yes, over there
on the island is the convent of which King
Ludwig’s relative was once Abbess. .Whena
the Monastery on Herreninsel was suspended,

 
THE ARGO. &9

the convent too was threatened, but the prayers
of the nuns were heard and they were allowed
to remain. Certainly he would row us safely
over—the lake was not rough to-day and his
little boat was very safe—very safe indeed.
Would the ladies just get into the little boat?
there, see! it would not rock at all—yes, he
would put off at once and then we should have
plenty cf time at the Fraueninsel before the
big steamer should come up the lake—certain-
ly it would stop for us, we could perhaps see
the dock where it should stop? The ladies
are timid on water? but they should have no
fear, he would take care that no accident
happen. Undoubtedly the ladies had visited
the castle! Ah, the unhappy King Ludwig!
Those were fine times when he used to visit
Chiemsee. Oh, yes, he could remember it
well! Often at night when he was in his boat,
there would be heard a sudden beat, beat of
horses’ hoofs ringing through the stillness
and the grand coach of King Ludwig with its
fine outriders would dash along the highway,
bringing the king to the castle. No one ever
knew when he was coming—just when no one
expected him, then he came. Ah, but the peo-
pie love King Ludwig—he was always kind to
the Chiemsee folk—he would appear sudden-
ly among them and talk to them. Then next
night, perhaps, the castle wouid be all dark
and the people would know King Ludwig
was gone. No one saw him go, but some, per-
haps, had heard faintly in the hours after mid-
night the beat, beat of horses’ hoofs and the
tumble of the big coach. Then one sad day
came the word that King Ludwig was dead.
He has never been seen since, but many of
his Chiemsee folk do not believe the evil
news. No! it canot be true—his people loved
him and enemies have shut him up in some
distant castle, but one night his faithful peo-
ple will hear again the beat of horses’ hoofs
and they will know that King Ludwig has
come again to make his people happy.

I suspect that somewhat of this talk was
lost while we were trying to get accustom-
ed to the peculiar dialect but there sat Frau

B-— chattering away to the quaint little figure
as though this especial dialect had been famr
iliar all her days. Having reached the Frau-
eninsel we were conducted to an inn close
by the dock. ‘The little boatman swung his
cap very low on presenting us to the landlady
and especially kindly did she beam upon us.
So here we sat and drank our coffee under the
broad old lindens. Over on the tiny bench
by the inn door sat the little boatman in his
white cap, doubtless telling how the fine lady
knew all about King Ludwig and had even
seen the big coach at Munich with the golden
angel on it. Bees were humming in the sun-
lit blossoms over our heads. The Bavarian
sky was never bluer, the lake never more
fascinating. The tiny fishermen’s cotitages
near at hand were intensely quiet—we seemed
almost the only people stirring. The old tree
just at the angle of the convent wall dipped
its branches low in the water and off across
the lake shone the splendid castle with its big
rooms glittering with gold and crystal—all

silently waiting for their master who comes
no more,

 

A GLANCE AT OUR ATHLETICS.

In athletics R. C. P. S. has always main-
tained a spirit not so much to win at any price
as to play the game for the sport there is in
it. This spirit has enabled her to maintain
friendly relations with all her neighboring in-
stitutions.

The school does not belong to a league, be-
cause she has no grounds of her own, but has
the use of the Rutgers College athletic field
when not used by the college. This makes it
necessary that games be played in New Bruns-
wick on certain dates only, a condition which
cannot be met by the committee working up
the league schedules.

A friendly co-operation exists between stu-
dents and instructors in the management of

athletics, there being a general manager ap-

pointed from among the instructors and a
student manager elected by the students. This
places the athletics of the school on a firm
90 THE ARGO

basis and avoids mistakes in schedules and
other mismanagements which are often met
with in other schools.

An athletic association is maintained by the
students which elects the managers of base-
ball, foot-ball and track team, and helps ma-
terially toward the success of the teams. Dra-
matic entertainments are given from time to
time by the school, the proceeds of which are
devoted to the interests of athletics in general.

Although there are but few fellows from
whom to pick the different teams, the school
has held a splendid position among her op-
ponents, as the following records will show:

During the last five years out of 27 games
played in foot-ball, R. C, P. S. has won 20,
tied 2 and lost 5, scoring 356 points to her op-
ponents 221. In base-ball out of 29 games
played, R. C. P. S. has won 10 and lost 19,
scoring 167 points to her opponents 266,

In track athletics the school boasts two ban-
ners won at meets held under the auspices of
Rutgers College and many medals won at oth-
er meets. Two tennis courts are provided for
the use of the students and tournaments are
held each. spring.

Among the opponents of the school in foot-
ball and base-ball may be mentioned the fol-
lowing: Barnard School, Bordentown Mili-
tary Institute, Cedarcroft School,
High School, Kingsley School, Leal School,
Morristown School, Mt. Pleasant Military
Academy, New Brunswick High School, Ny-
ack Military Academy, Perth Amboy High
School, Pingry School, Polytechnic Institute,
Plainfield High School, Stevens Prep., Tren-
ton State School.

a,
RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.
Whereas, It has pleased God, recently, to
take from this world the life of the brother of
our classmate, J. Claude Thomson, and
Whereas, We, the members of the Class of
Nineteen Hundred and Six. of Rutgers Pre-
paratory School, feel a strong sympathy for
our classmate in this, his bereavement; there-
fore, be it

Erasmus

Resoived, Mat we hereby express our par-
ticipation in the sorrow which js his, and, be
it further

Kesolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be published in the Argo,

Wittarp T. Case,
Frank D, ELBErson,
Frank E. Mason,
Committee.
See
RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT,

Rutgers Preparatory § chool,
New Brunswick, N. J.
Whereas, It has pleased the Almighty Fath-
er to take the life of the brother of our friend
and brother, J. Claude Thomson, and
Whereas, We his friends and fellow mem-
bers of the Delta Theta, do feel a deep sympa-
thy for him in this his sorrow ; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the Delta Theta Frater-
nity of Rutgers Preparatory School, do here-
by express our sympathy for him in his be-
reavement; and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to our brother, and that they be pub-
lished in the Argo.
For the Fraternity,
Joun B. Brack,
Grorcr M. GREEN,
Committee.

THE JAPANESE SHCOOL BOY,
nT.
HOW HE CAME TO RUTGERS.

A famous Japanese said in an address in
this country not long since, that when Japan
reached out after western ideas, she copied
her navy from Great Britain, her army from
France, her medical service from Germany
and her educational system from the United
States.

All the readers of the Argo may not know
how important a part the Dutch have played
in the development of New Japan and what
an honor is ours of the “Rutgers Grammar
School.”

You may have heard that there used to be
 

 

 

TEAM, 1905,

FOOT BALL
 

 

BASE BALL TEAM, 1906,
THE ARGO 95

a great many Japanese students here, but did
you know that the very first ones that came
to this country to be educated, came here?

The official report of the Commissioner of

Education says that in the ten years after
1866 when the first students came to America,
five hundred were trained in the Dutch Re-
formed Colleges alone, a majority of them in

Ruigers College and Grammar School. I am

sure you will like to hear the story of how and

why they came here.

Nearly three hundred years ago, when no
outside nations had been allowed to enter the
ports of Japan, the Dutch succeded in securing
a trading post in Nagasaki Bay. They were de-
snised by the Japanese and treated with con-
tempt, but they plodded on their Dutch way.

It was not long before enterprising young
men discovered that there was something to
be learned of the ostracised stranger within
their ports, so there were stealthy trips to the
little island, repeated again and again until

something was learned—of course but the

merest smattering—of engineering, mining,
astronomy and medicine.

In 1859 there went out from the Dutch Re-
formed Church in America the Rev. Guido

I’. Verbeck, D.D., as a missionary to Japan.

He was a Hoilander by birth and education,

but continued his studies in America. He went

to Nagasaki and there opened a school. To
him came many of those who had been influ-
enced by the Duich traders.

Dr. Verbeck was a remarkable man and he
grew in favor with all classes. Later at the
call of the Government he became the Presid-
ent of the Imperial University at Tokyo and
the confidential advisor of New Janan.

Our own Dr. Murray, a beloved professor
in Rutgers, was asked a few years later to
come to Japan as official advisor of the Japan-
ese denartment of education. He was general
superintendent of schools and colleges there,
and founded their system of education with a
wisdom and ability which years of trial have

amply justified.

For the story of the very first boys that

came to us from Japan, I am indebted to the
Rev. John M. Ferris, one time Secretary of
the Board of Missions of the Dutch Church.

The office of the Board of Missions is in
Fulton street in New York. One day in the
fall of 1866 there appeared a plain looking
man with two young men who looked like
Chinamen. They presented to Dr. Ferris a
letter of introduction from Dr. Verbeck of
Nagasaki who said these young men were of
good family and were worthy of attention.
The man with them proved to be the captain
of the bark in which they sailed. These boys
had been for a few months pupils in Dr. Ver-
beck's school. ‘They had learned a little Eng-
lish there and had picked up a little more on
the long’ six months voyage to America. They
wished, they said, to study navigation, to learn
how to build ships and to make big guns, so
that they could prevent other countries from
coming and taking possession of their coun-
try. They had $100 in gold remaining of the
money with which they started and they
ought to be able to accomplish their purpose.

Dr. Ferris told them that they would have
to study many things before they could build
ships and could understand the science of
navigation, and that their money was very far
from enough to enable them to accomplish
their purpose. However, he became greatly
interested in these young men and succeeded
in interesting wealthy members of the Mis-
sionary Board in them too. It was decided
that an effort should be made to place them
in school in New Brunswick. Dr. Ferris him-
self brought them here and took them to the
house of a Mrs. Van Arsdale, who had a
boarding house on Church street, just below
where the People’s Bank now stands. Dr.
Ferris knew Mrs. Van Arsdale to be a most
excellent woman, and boarding with her was
the widow of a well known clergyman, a Mrs,
Romeyn. These two ladies became intensely
intersted in the young foreigners and engaged
to take them under their special care.

Dr. Ferris then took them to the house of

the Headmaster, or as he was then called, the
96 THE ARGO

Rector, of the Grammar School, the Rev. Al-
exander McKelvy. Here they were most cor-
dially received.

Later Dr. Ferris realized how extremely
fortunate he had been that day, for it was
oitentimes very difficult to find homes for
Japanese students. Other boarders would
threaten to leave or what was more distress-
ing, the Irish potentates of the establishment
would one and all give warning TT these
“hathen” were coming into the house. Dr.
Ferris says that one time he spent two whole
days unsuccessfully trying to find rooms in a
private boarding house for a Japanese prince,

"a member of the Imperial family, and his
suite, ail most courteous gentlemen.

However, all turned out well with our two
young men. Mrs. Van Arsdale and Mrs.
Romeyn kept their promises faithfully and
Mr. McKelvy proved himself, as is the man-
ner of Headmasters of the Grammar School,
a patient and painst king teacher.

These young men had forfeited their lives
by coming to this country without permission.
Fortunately they were highly connected and
their newly made American friends used what
influence they could so that in the end the
government not only expressed approbation
of their course but appropriated money to re-
pay the advances made for them.

This was the beginning of the great educa-

tional movement to this country and later to
Europe.
_ Several students died here and in the cem-
etery behind the Carnegie Library, you may
find a group of noticeable marble shafts which
mark their resting place.

One of them was an especially brilliant stu-
dent and Dr. William Eliot Griffis in his Mi-
kado’s Empire tells of visiting the family of
this young man in Japan. He had been a
student of Dr. Griffis’ at Rutgers and Dr.
Griffis took to his father the gold key of the
Phi Beta Kappa Society to which his son had
been elected, he having stood at the head of

his class.
Ii is told of another student that died here

that he directed that his hair and nails should
be cut off and sent home to his family and it
was done.

But it is gratifying to know that most of
those that came here returned to their homes
and have been a strong influence in the forma-
tion of New Japan, during these last stirring
years. Many of them hold important posi-
tions in the army and are conspicuous in civic
affairs. ;

Sometime we should like to tel) the read-
ers of the Argo, in detail, something of what
has been wrought in Japan by the boys who
came for their inspiration to the School and
the College on “the banks of the old Raritan.”

A WHOLE YEAR ROUND,
Listen, my children and you shall hear
What we did at the Trap this eventful year,
The charades, the tennis, the dances, and all—
The tumbling, the pillow-fights, the scraps in

the hall.

In the Music Room there’s been much din,—
The horn, the fiddle, the mandolin

Of Case, and Gross, and Angell, too,

Have vied with pianists not a few.

On Sunday nights we gather there
To sing old hymns and say a prayer,
These memories will with us stay
When other things have passed away.

In Mrs. Payson’s library _

We're always sure to welcome be;
She comforts us in woes and joys
And always likes to hear our noise.

But when we're sick she comes out strong
And brings the Castor “Oil along.

On Sunday she reads and gives us candy,
And we all think that she’s just dandy.

The birthday cakes they are so light,

The birthday candles burn so bright,—

If the list of Miss Bateman weren't so clear,
Cox and Jelly’d have a hundred a year.
