 

 

-F ARGO

Founded 1889
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

) LEAD SINGERS

«| MRS. HEATON TO LEAD

School Picks Nickname;
Players Now Argonauts

Rutgers Preparatory School's faculty agreed to give the nick-
ame “Argonauts” to the school’s athletic teams at a faculty mect-
ing on December 2.

 

 

 

   

Vol. 8, No, 3

   
  

Varsity “R” Responsible
For the past few years attempts have been made to find a
suitable name for the teams, but they have all failed. Finally
this year, several members of the Varsity “R” Club thought of the

name “Argonauts.” The new
name was received favorably by Varsity “R”
Raises Funds

the faculty, and they decided to
Maroon and white Rutgers

put it to a one year trial.
Preparatory School patches con-

The name was decided upon
because of the significance which

taining the school emblem and
motto have been sold to the

it holds.
From Greek Myth

student body by members of the

Varsity “R” Club.

It refers back to the Greek
Richard Mulligan, Varsity “R”

 

 

  
   
  
 
 
 
   

myth of the Golden Fleece. This
tale is about a band of young
heros, led by Jason, and their
search for the fleece. The ship,
especially made for their ven-
ture was called the Argo, and

Glee Club

 

its sailors received the name

Argonauts.
‘These men were

exceeding]
brave in their quest for the
and after they

valuable fleece,
succeeded in obtaining it, the
Argonauts became a symbol
standing for bravery and courage
of the highest order.

For this reason the teachers
accepted this name to represent
the school's athletic teams. The
boys on these teams strive to
show valor, strength, and a per-
severing spirit on the playing

Club president, says, “These
paches help school spirit; they are

 
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
 

ly | Something which promote unity of

the student body.”

Costing one dollar, the patches
were on sale at the upper school
through Friday, December 2. They
were then sold at the lower
school and if there were some
patches remaining, they were
bought by Mr. Shelley, who will
sell them at his store.

The money which the Varsity
“R” Club made from the sell-

field. Therefore the faculty| ing of these patches will go main-
thought it befitting to call them|ly toward the Varsity “R” Club
‘(he “Argonsuts/"-anmame»signi-/award, which is given at the end
fying these outstanding qualities |of the school year.

Library Adds Material
For Students And Teachers

The Rudolfs Memorial Library has received several
new shipments of books, Mrs. Joan Neuwirth, librarian, is
currently striving to improve the reference section, and
included in this shipment were several reference book:
which are useful to students working on term paper proj-

ects.

‘About $300 have been spent on books. Half of this has
been used to purchase reference books which are extremely
costly. The first order was devoted to books requested by
members of the faculty to be used as supplements to their
courses. i

At the moment, Mrs. Neuwirth is also attempting to
add books by literary critics. In addition, she has been

ordering new periodicals. Included among these are The
New Yorker, The United Na-

tions Review, Poetry, and Holi-
day, She has been planning to
subscribe to some foreign lan-
guage magazines for the benefit
of language students.

Science and Language Weakest

Mrs. Neuwirth still believes
that the science and foreign
language sections are weakest.
She hopes to improve these in
the future; however, her main
task at the moment is to com-
plete the cataloging and other
preliminary duties.

The lower school library is
progressing rapidly. The Parents
Association has set up a Christ-
mas tree decorated with the
names of various books which
are suitable for the Ubrary. Par-
ents may select titles from this
tree to be dedicated to the
Lower School library. These
books are to be inscribed with
their child's name. 7

 

Dance Committee
Sponsors Affair

The “Fall Frolic,” Rutgers
Preparatory School's first major
dance of the school year, was held
on Saturday, November 26. The
Dance Committee, headed by
Larry Diener, planned the dance,
which was held at Demarest Hall.

The chaperones were Dr. and
Mrs. David M. Heinlein, Mr. Alfred
C. Gaggini and Mr. and Mrs. O.
J. Olson. Many alumni were pre-
sent.

Decorations gave Demarest Hall
a fall atmosphere. The fall theme
was carried out by the colorful
decorations put up by the dance
committee. This dance is actually
one of the first important events
in which the new dance com-
mittee has taken an active part.

Mnsic was provided by Mike

 

TO THE STUDENT BODY:

One fact was missing in the
article cancerning YE DIAL's
trip to the Columbia Scho-
lastic Press Conference. It
was not mentioned that the
1959-60 YE DIAL staff led by
editor John Torrey was
awarded a second place rating
in their category.

Hartstein and Band. A dance
contest was held, the winners of
which were Dolores Resta and
Raymond Zirpolo.

 

 

 

 

Glee

at 8:30.

 

The Glee Club, led by Mrs. Jacquelyn Heaton,
holds its annual Christmas concert at the Rutgers
Preparatory School Gymnasium on December 9

by Ralph Rosenberg

and
School Chorus
Heaton divides

Club Presents Concert
At Prep Gym 8:30 Tonight

Members of the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh
eighth grades make up the Elementary

which aids the Glee Club. Mrs.
the Chorus into two groups. The

 

Underclasses To See
Various New York Dramas

The F and
Junior classes have made plans for
their class trips, They plan to see
dramas in New York City.

‘The Freshmen plan to see “The
Miracle Worker,” at the Play-
house Theatre, for their trip.
They plan to go on February
eighth or fifteenth. The play is
about Helen Keller.

The trip committee is headed
by Roy Eskow, chairman, and
has Stephanie Matusz, Ilene
Rabinowitz, and Ben Pickar as its
other members.

The Sophomore class plans to
see “Becket,” at the Royale
‘Theatre, on the earliest possible
Wednesday matinee in February
or March. The play deals with the
conflicts between the church and
the state in England in the twelfth
century.

For its trip, the Junior class
plans to see “Toys in the Attic,”
a play about a New Orleans
family. The play is at the Hudson
Theatre:

Although a definite date has
not yet been set, the Juniors plan
Fac Ae

Parents Meet
With Faculty

During the month of November,

to go in the spring. The
trip committee consists of Edward

Freedman, chairman, Richard
Patt, Constance Hess, Jean
Kramer, Charles Levy, and

Jeffrey Aaron.

Drew Meets 6.8.4.

During the week of November
14-18, Patricia Drew attended the
National Council Meeting of the
Girl Scouts of America, held at
St. Louis, Missouri.

Drew was elected to represent
the various troops of the Raritan
Valley by her fellow scouts and
adult council members.

Many Duties

The convention held two ses-
sions each day at which Drew
served in the capacity of exhibit
evaluator. Her duties included
interviewing other delegates and
evaluating exhibits displayed at
the convention.

During the course of the con-
vention, Drew said she also learn-
ed more about the organization of
the Girl Scouts and the working
of the National Staff.

During her free time, she met
many new friends, with whom she
held pleasant discussions. From
the various opinions which were

 

 

fourth, fifth and sixth grades
sing in one group;
and eight
‘The accompanists are Emilie Ol-
son playing for the Lower School
and Rosalind Breslow, for the
Upper School.
Program Decided Upon

The Glee Club starts the pro-
gram by singing Wake, Awake,
for Night is Flying, Welcome
Yule and Dona Nobis Pacem.
‘Then grades four, five and six
sing Beside thy Cradle, by Bach,
Un Flambeau, Jeannette Isabelle
and Angels We Have Heard On

High.

The members of the first
double quartet, Carol Hutner,
Emilie Olson, Carol Heinlein,

Julie von Erffa, Paul Gottlieb,
Howard Busch, John Schmitt
and Mark Levine sing an old
English acrol, What Child Is
This? The seventh and eighth
grades carol a group of songs,
among these Il est Né Le Divin
Enfant,
(Continued on page 3)

Dr. Heinlein Goes.
To MLS.A. Meeting

Dr. David M. Heinlein, head-
master, attended the annual con-
vention of the Middle States As-
sociation of Colleges and Secon-
dary Schools on November 25th
and 26th in Atlantic City.

‘The purpose of the meeting was
to discuss what is happening to

 

matters pertaining to the indi-
vidual classes and to give parents
an opportunity to ask teachers
questions about their child's
studies.

‘There were five meetings which
took place in the Preparatory
School building. The grade and
the date of each meeting was as
follows: eighth grade, Thursday,
November 10; ninth grade, Thurs-
day, November 17; tenth grade,
Wednesday, November 16; eleventh
grade, Monday November 14; and
the twelfth grade, Wednesday,
November 9.

Marcus S. Wright TI, a mem-
ber of the class of 1945 at Rut-
gers Preparatory School, is giving
a gift to the school. Mr. Wright
is donating demonstration equip-
ment: electric and gas engines,
and a gyroscope. He has also

Rutgers Prepare School nes (Continued on page 3) ba ee stcen ca

its annual evening ‘or school an
college might work

Pres vecticol-oundusted esse Alumnus Donates |hip‘im * “™

meetings to discuss important| Sejence Equipment Thirty meetings were held, and

Dr. Heinlein was the evaluator at
one of them. As the evaluator,
he reported on the method in
which this meeting was run.

Questions ranging from guid-
ance in junior high school to the
method of selecting students for
college were discussed.

 

agreed to aid our 4
necessary, in assembling this
equipment.

Mr. Wright is the owner of a
marine equipment company in
Perth Amboy. He has invited all
students who so desire to come
and visit his company.

 

 

REMEMBER THAT MID-
YEAR EXAMINATIONS ARE
TO BE HELD MONDAY,
JANUARY 23 THROUGH FRI-
DAY, JANUARY 27. THE FI-
NAL DAY OF CLASSES IS
FRIDAY, JANUARY 20.

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

REPORTER

Page 2 The Argo
ST! ; NQUIRING
canis ewan s Letters To The Editor !
News Editor: Jean Kramer
Feature Balter Douren Resta and Phillip Shapiro To the Editor;

Sports Editor: Panl Gottleb
Freshman Editors: Michael Jacobs and Ralph Rosenberg
Photography Editor: John Lipman

Art Editor: Peter Wilson

Correspondence Editor: Marion Kellogg

Typing Editor: Roni Rabinowitz

Staff: Minda Mamelsky, Kamel, Freedman, Goldberg, Levy,
Patt, Ossad, Silverman, Bray, Deutsch, Drew; Reitman;
Ulan, Adler, L. Busch, Dyke, Goldsmith, J. Gunkle; Kellogg;
Krafehik, I. Rabinowitz.

Faculty Advisor: Michael L. Lasser

Students’ Opinions
Should Be Original

As we near the end of the second semester, we believe that
it is time to call attention to what has become a serious handi-

 

 

 

 

 

cap in classroom discussions. This is the mistaken idea that
one should agree with the teacher at all times and, what we
believe is even more serious, the notion that this can lead to
any type of solid foundation for future education.

INTELLIGENT .. .

The teacher's superior knowledge should be respected at
all times. We suggest, however, that a teacher is put into a
classroom not to impress the students with his education but
rather to help them in their own. When a teacher offers, for
example, his interpretation of a rature, it is the
duty of every intelligent student in the classroom to offer his
accord. Many times more than one in-

 

 

 

own if it is not in
terpretation is entirely valid and the teacher may simply be
pointing out the most obvious one. If, perhaps the student's
idea is proved invalid by some information not at his com-
penalize him.

... ARGUMENTS...

We should point out that there is a difference between
disagreeing intelligently and arguing to annoy the teacher or
waste his time. Whatever conclusions we draw, we must have
evidence to support them, and we must be prepared to tell
our reasons to the rest of the class.

mand, no teacher

 

« .. PROFITABLE

It is no satisfaction for a teacher to hear thirty odd
students paraphrase his ideas. This makes for a dull classroom,
and it frustrates any teacher from bringing up controversial
ideas if he knows that there is no room for controversy.

We have never found that any member of our faculty
has attempted to force his ideas upon his classes, and we would
be most disappointed if we ever discovered this.

Important Traditions
Must Be Recognized

Students have attended Rutgers Preparatory School
for six generations. In these many years, traditions have
developed. To break with these traditions is a step which
must be carefully considered before one attempts it.

NEW SCHOOL...

In these current years of expansions and moderniza-
tion of our school, much has been said about a loss of
tradition. We soon will lose our old building. The Argo
has changed its format. Now, we have adapted the name
of “Argonauts” for all our sports teams, replacing “Little
Scarlet.”

. . » MODIFIED TRADITIONS . . .

Tradition must not be forgotten for any reason.
However, it may be modified and, if necessary, elimi-
nated should it stand in the way of meaningful progress.
We have changed this name but have adopted one with
a seventy-year history, a history in The Argo’s name.

. +. FINE EDUCATION

We of The Argo realize the value of tradition in a
school such as ours. We see that our current society and
educational theory tends to overemphasize the role of
applied science rather that the humanities and theoretical
science, Of the basic traditions upon which our school
was founded, there is one which must never be broken,
our tradition of fine education. Changes in modernization
and reforming may come but this one must always

remain.

Contrary to popular knowledge, or so it seemed, there was a Prep
School dance at Demarest Hall on Saturday night, November twenty-
sixth. The attendance was disappointing.

I had the pleasure of working with the Decoration Committee
both Friday and Saturday. Few people realize the amount of time
and effort that went into the planning and decorating for this dance.
It was disappoining to have so few appreciate our efforts.

At eight o'clock the couples started arriving for the dance. About
half-past eight, the dance was underway, or should have been. Music,
decorations, refreshments, were all there; only the people were missing.
As I looked around, I saw the same familiar faces but very few new
ones. I could only hazard a guess as to why so few people made the
effort to come. Whatever the reason, this problem of poor attendance
at school functions should be dis- —

 

 

cussed. If the student body wants
Prep to be just an educational
factory, then all attempts at
socializing should be forgotten. If
we want to have social functions,
the entire student body must
support them, not just the dance
committee. The dances are plann-
ed for us, so why don't more of
us attend? We might even surprise
ourselves and have fun.

Another angle of this is that
these dances take up a large part
of the student council budget. If
the student do not want to at-
tend, why spend the money?

A Senior

Club News

‘The members of the Chemistry
Club under the supervision of Mr.
August H. Daviet Jr. have been
performing countless experiments
and have also made some inter-
esting future plans,

‘The Chemistry Club has tried
to learn more about our area's
chemical plants. The members
have already visited the American
Cyanimed Company. They plan to
inspect in the future the Esso
Refining Company, E. R. Squibb
and Sons, The Titanium Pigment
Corporation, the American Smelt-
ing and Refining Company, and
Ortho Company.

 

Alumn

i News

One sees many faces about Rutgers Preparatory School as alumni
return with tales of the hardships and joys of college life. The alumni
also send us letters with praises and suggestions for the Prep school.

Peter Wintersteiner, now a freshman at Amherst College, writes
about the difficulties of completing his studies while trying to play
soccer, Wintersteiner has been playing on Amherst’s second string
soccer team and finds the quality of the players very high. He also
comments that the work he did in the humanities course at Prep has
exempted him from taking a similar course at Amherst.

Nancy Lee in her letter tells how happy she is at Cedar Crest
College and has praise for its music program. She-is now a
member of the choir, the Madrigal Singers, and is in the Music Club.
One suggestion from Nancy Is that Prep develop the spirit and class

organization which she finds at Cedar Crest.

Club News

The Music Club, under , the
direction of Mr, Thomas G.
Dumarae, is in the midst of a
chronological survey of classical
music. The club started with Bach
and since has covered Handel,
Haydn, and Mozart.

During the spring, Mr. Dumarae
plans to take a group of students
to the Metropolitan Opera House
to hear Il Trovatore.

The Gamma Sigma Club is
operating under the system of a
rotating chairmanship as it has
in the past. Each of the twelve
members serves as leader of the
discussion approximately twice
during the school year.

‘The members have already dis-
cussed religion, and they are
presently reading Karl Marx's
Communist Manifesto.

Both Betsy Kady and Irving
Quackenboss tell of their fond
memories of Prep School. Betsy,
a freshman at Connecticut College
for Women, says that the courses
and people are wonderful. Irving
Quackenboss writes a letter from
Upsale College, thanking the Prep
faculty for his excellent college
preparation. He is~ majoring in
Business Administration at Upsala,
and among his classmates are
former prepsters Thomas Chester
and Roni Jackowitz.

ELM FARM
CAMPUS

 

by
David Heinlein & Michael Tucker
Mrs. Margaret P. Wilson's

eighth grade home room voted
unanimously to travel to New
York to see the play, “Fiorello,”

“As a student, what do you think
is the best way to raise school
spirit?”

Marsha Bronfman: “Dances; and
we should try to get more people
to go to games.

Ricky Smith: “A school song.”

Sue Gunkle: “Having more sports
for people to partake of; for
the girls there is only cheer-
leading. Better dances would
help.”

Peter Wilson: “President Gottlieb’s
plan for exchange students.”
Brian Connolly: “The school spirit
cannot be increased because
the school is too small, there Is
too much homework, and the
students live too far away from

each other.”

Dick Schatzman: “Early an-
nouncements of athletic games,
and Varsity “R” members should
be able to bolster school spirit.”

Marilyn Silverman: “More empha-
sis on athletics and more recog-
nition for players.”

Ben Pickar: “By being proud of
our school heritage.”

Ray Zirpolo: “If the music suppll-
ed was better, there would be
better attendance at dances.”

Mike Miller: “Large participation
in school activities.”

Amy Levowitz: “If we were given
less homework we'd be able to
go to more games.”

Carole Zirpolo: “Announcing
dances early and supplying
decent music at them.”

“A foreign exchange

 

 

  

Hamelsky: “Teachers
should give less homework,
There should be more home
games and at reasonable hours.”

Jack McCormick: “It’s up to the
students to go out and support
all of our activities. If the upper
students would participate in
the activities, the lower students
would follow.”

John Lipman: “After school hours
are over, most students cut
themselves off from any school
functions. If we want to get
something out of the school, we
must put something into it.”

Dick Mulligan: “Through the
Varsity ‘R’ Club. We expect to
raise school spirits through the
pep rally and other school func-
tions.”

Val Zaj: “Join a senior grammar
class with Mr. Lloyd.”

Minda Hamelsky: “The student
should take a more active inter-
est by attending dances, and
Participating in spirited and
fund-raising activities of groups
like Varsity “R”,

Argo Memories

This appeared in The Argo, Vol.
II, June 1891: “Looking over our
vast achievements the thought
comes: What lack we yet? It will

 

 

PROGRAM GUIDE

The following programs are
all on CBS.

Dec. 18: “As Others See Us”
on The Twentieth Century

Dec, 25: Concerts conducted
and annotated by Leonard
Bernstein and the New York
Philharmonic.

Dec, 25: “Admiral Byrd” on
The Twentieth Century

Jan, 8: New York Philhar-
monic Young People’s Con-
certs.

Jan. 9; “Vanity Fair”
Family Classics.

on

mid-term

Both seventh grades went on
an excursion to the Entomology
Building in New Brunswick. Mrs.
Hilda Barr Dixon's class held
elections and chose Maria Messina
as president, and Pat McDonal
as vice president. .

The sixth grade, under the di-
rection of Mrs. Elizabeth B. Ellis,
presented several plays under the
title of “Greece-Ancient and
Modern.”

Mrs. Eleanor H. Zassler’s third
grade gave a Thanksgiving pto-
gram consisting of séveral skits

 

 

 

 

 

and original poems,

need no to
find the fault, for it is a common
assertion, that our politics have
reached the lowest stage to which
they can safely go. They have be-
come so altered and corrupted as
to be scarcely recognizable. We
have lost, or I should say we have
never recognized all the truth
that is hidden in the cornerstone
of our government that it must be
by the people and for the people.
We have never realized its mean-
ing in the deepest and fullest sense
of the word, nor have we con-
ceived all the possibilities that lie
along its future development. It
is the keynote of democracy and
until we reach it we will never
reach the first principles of the

 

true and ideal republic.”

ee
 

The Argo
Stowe’s Book Seems _|Faculty ‘New Student Relates
Sentimental To Critic Forum Favorable Impressions

by Alfred C, Gaggini
by Mark Bezanson
We are so often reminded of Rutgers Preparatory School reminds me of the Sorbonne. The
| Similarity in studious atmosphere and poor plumbing is. strikingly
close. It is the first upper school I have encountered that reveres
euien Selly that, Swe Sometimes |e iedee Instead of a new football helmet, a hard teacher instead
N/ of an easy one, reality instead of a dream world. Sometimes I believe
geometry under a leaky ceiling than below

   
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
   
  

by Martin Ossad

Uncle Tom's Cabin is a Portrayal of Southern life in pre-Civil
War America, and to a limited extent, a picture of the South as it is
today.

Although the Negro has been free since the Emancipation Procla-

mation of 1863. he Is still held in the South in an economic and social
slavery; In many ways, the Civil War is still being fought in places
Uke Louisiana, where mobs deny the Negro his right to go to a school,
and Alabama, where hooded members of the Klu Klux Klan roam the
streets, burning crosses and mobbing colored People.

Despite her strong anti-slavery fellings, Miss Stowe displays
an appreciation for the Southern way of life and the Southern charac-
ter, And in her attacks on slavery, she realizes that the North is not
entirely innocent of prejudice; after all, Simon Legree, the villain,
is a Northerner, and Aunt Ophelia, the New Englander who comes
to New Orleans despising slavery, does consider the colored people
repugnant.

In describing her characters the author forgets the most import-
ant quality: humanity. Her personalities are either all white or all
black, with no gray, which is the true color of man’s nature. Tom is
too good and noble; he is portrayed as a saint and not a slave,

Little Eva, we are told, is some-
thing not of this world, someone about one for a while, and then
who loves everything she comes in| ?¢turning, ten chapters latter, to
contact with. Miss Evangeline gets|©*POUNd upon it again. The read-
frailer and sicker for three chap- S should not have to wonder,
ters, and then a bit. better and| ‘Tough half of the novel, what
happened to George and Eliza..
much weaker. All know she has
as Some of the plot itself is hard to
one foot in paradise, all Jove her.
She gives her curls to the slaves, |S¥@Uow: of course, there must be
“willful suspension of disbelief,”
asks that they be freed when she but the author wants to belt .
is “rane.” She is always dressed | ne) te aun he ee
in white. Very soon, the reader x
cannot wait until she drops dead.
When she finally does go, the
reader is relieved.

Master St. Clara is too red, too
much the care-free lord who en-
joys his money and position, but

* really has a ‘heart of gold’ below
his crimson exterior. Ophella is
too New-Englandish never losing
her Northern coldness, even when
her beloved niece and brother die
before her. Simon Legree is too
black (which Is ironic), showing
not one bit of Human “warmth,

the importance of foreign lan-

 

become tired of hearing jt. Wh

we realize that since 1957 twenty- | ft 1s possible to learn more
|a thousand dollar skylight.
It is a new experience for me to conjugate etre dressed in a tie,
language entrance requirements, to read Poe dressed in a white shirt, or to study constuences with cuff
ve ss is f dress at Prep turns students into gentle-

perhaps we in this school who are | ks. This formal mode o:
a3 “°/ men and ladies. At Saint Jean Baptiste in Beligium, a private Catholic
school run by a pious group of friars, the students study in shorts
entrance should pay some atten-| or smocks. There is no room for school spirit. They fall on their knees
. hirr through their beads, and visit the chapel

tion to the trends in jelght times a day, wi

she fei Ot | ice a: week including Saturdays. It is in sixth grade that they
foreign language study. commence required study of Latin and algebra. The building still

In June of this year the Ad-|Shudders from an injurious bomb blast of seventeen years azo.
‘There is an active response by the students to the teacher at our

vispry. and {AaiGoh Committee 0f| schooi,'a puirsulf at ldsas te eon ts of knowledge. If one fails to learn
the Modern Language Association| his declensions in the Latin crypt, one may be sure that he will

vhen he entered.
Foreign a emerge more civilized than when
Beene ey an Institution selected for the few, yet because it serves

eee ee itm ORERTAS| ig cstoarity It does aot seen that the function of the school is un-
28. cho - Gud of Corel’ las=| Genscratios On thie cauiteary; ane'of the pureoéen of a Goemene fang
Suages. It is the opinion of this let the individual perform to the best of his ability, and Rutgers
committee that every college | Preparatory School enhances that principle. . ‘ei ‘
raduate As I half-crawl, half-edge my way up the narrow stairway,

rae on envision myself and my colleagues in an upward climb to the summit

of knowledge, Thank goodness Rutgers Preparatory School serves as a
fubse: These sicompetencies are:| test impoetait atep to chat geal

 

two colleges have added foreign

primarily concerned with college

 

   
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
     
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
    
  

Ustening compr . speaking, 5 :
reading, writing, linguistic analy- Many Attain | Seniors Take
sis, and culture. Every college 1 ‘
student should have the oppor- ]
tuniy wo wane cert wong Onor Level (Annual Trip
foreign language. The school is led at the end| The Seniors took their annual
of the first quarter by Richard] class trip on Wednesday, Decem-
Frantzreb with an average of|ber 7. According to the school

schools, the committee recom-| ninety-four. Other averages in the| policy for arranging these trips
nineties were received by Jean| through the English department,

fp barat cee aa th t to see a serious play.
y we e a
ing interest and ability shoula/Kramer, Martin Ossad, Phillip| they went to s r
have the tamil ares culd!Shapiro, Marvin Chelten, Carcl| “Invitation to a March,
SEP eee COs SUGY OB ga eee RarEA’ Svene') act Paul Successful Author
re

 

 

 
 
   
 
  
  
    
 
   
   
 
 
 
   

Preptoons

In speaking of secondary

STUDENT'S PROGRESS

 

 
   
    
   
  
    
   
  
   
  
    
 
   
   
    
   
 

This play is by Arthur Laurents
Averages of elght-five to ninety|@uthor of “Gypsy,” “West Side

(the same language), thus giving
were. received by Patricia Drew,/Story,” and “Clearing in the

him the basis for further ef-

Throughout the story, it Is
evident that Miss Stowe is trying
to wrest sympathy and great
emotion from the reader; she

three years of a second foreign
language.
Th@committee believes that

in her many sub-plots, forgetting

 

Take 4 Trips;
Outing Group
Plans More

The Conservation Club, now
officially the Outing Club, has
participated in and planned many
activities so far this year. On
July 29, the Club went to Stokes
State Forest for a three day camp-
ing trip. Unfortunately, heavy
rains forced the group to return
the following day,

On September 8, the club hiked
to Sunfish Pond in the Delaware
Water Gap, swam there, and then
nsited. a nearby copper mine,
ince schoo) started, the club has
wice gone horseback riding.

Before Christmas vacation, the
{ub plans to go riding two more
mes. During the vacation, the
‘oup Is going to attempt another
mping trip at Stokes State For-
t Trips to Chimney Rock and
¢@ Watchung Reservation are
tnned for next year,

 

 

Freshmen Start
Literature Club

The Freshman Discussion Club
meets Wednesdays under the
guidance of Mrs. Margaret P.
Wilson. Mrs, Wilson formed the
club to give freshmen an oppor-
tunity to express their views on
various forms of literature.

The club plans to read and dis-
cuss ten different types of Iltera-
ture.

STUDENT COUNCIL REPORT

vention. When asked for a per.
ear naroee, witty Uirga TecOminet| ee  ccstuation ab ee trip, she
dations end fulfills these requtre-| reptied spontaneously “it ey ee
ments. great,”

    

   

@ehard Sandor and John Lip-
i. president and vice president
Dectively, with the help of
fabeth Stover, secretary- treas-
— and Mr. August H, Daviet,
ty advisor, have arranged for
servation films to be shown
fig the club meetings.

   

   

    

   

    
   

  

 
    

fective study in college. A secon-| Michael Jacobs, Amy Levowitz, Li ia ne Ne ee
Rosenl 5 Joseph
Gary school student who has Eee Ulan; Bar-|Holm, Jane Ponda, Eileen Heckare
bara Deutsch, Lawrence Diener,}and James MacArthur.
Charles Levy, and John Lipman. Dinner at Leone's
Richard Cano, Michael Kolbay,| After leaving the theater, the
Fredericka  Kolbay, Susanne |S°M0r group went to Leone's
Wintersteiner, Katherine Cahill Restaurant for the evening meal.
. “Chairman of the committee,
Mark Levine, Carole Neivert, Stanley Kamel, made the reser-
Meredith Miers, Marilyn Silver- vation?
heeay a) Bae The students chose from the
z a following menu: Antipasti- Anti-
should have the opportunity to Freedman, Constance Hess,
Hamelsky, Caroline | @St© Supreme, Half Cold Chicken
Meuly, Katherine Goldsmith, | LObSter Leone or Oysters on Half
foreign language and that this paler G Id. Tene| Shell; Pasta- Spaghetti (Clam
training should begin no later sae ee recelge de | Sance);. Gaoodht, ~Breih i Clara
than the third grade, Regeanieen Fan cai ytfive|Marinara: Main Course — Veal
. Fee Te aN ive et tise Baruitglang” veal Scalp-
These recommendations are ae eB Pine, or Osso Buco with Risotto.
made “in view of the national Faculty advisors accompanying
need for educated’ Americans Drew Cont. the Seniors were Mr. Alfred C.
trained to communicate with | ¢XPressed in these informal groups, | Gaggini, Mr. David G. Lloyd, and
Drew concluded that the majority|Mr. Michael L, Lasser. Mrs.
ony Deoees See wwogaiin Sele rns Gil oeaieh ace that] Michael L. Lasser also attended
See raneue sn wie evmipelbetis hits’ and maturity’ ace) ‘the the performance,
understanding of their culture.| measure of leadership, not age xan da ge
their behavior, and their values."'| alone. Glee Club, Con‘t.
It should be a great source of} Drew also sald that she hoped! The second double quartet,
satisfaction, at least, to know that/to continue correspondence with composed of Constance Hess.
Emilie Olson, Carol Heinlein,
Susanne Wintersteiner, Howard
Busch, Frederick Gunckel, Stan-
ley Kamel and John Schmitt
sing © Come, © Come Emma-
nuel, a 13th century plain song.
Then the fourth, fifth, and
sixth grades make the last ap-
By Carol Hutner pearance of the Lower School
: ; . Ce TLey at, 5 ; with ‘Twas the Night Before
The Student Council is continuing its ef | that the school continue sendin delegates to the} Christmas,
ficient job of administering school government, association’s meetings, fe The Glee. Club finishes the
Hecause of the request of Lawrence Diener, the EXCHANGE INVESTIGATED “Jevening with a collection of car-
mediator between the dance committee and the Paul G nttlieb has gotten the members of the ols, among them Sing Gloria and
Council, the members of the latter body ap-} Council interested in a foreign exchange Pro-/ Gesu Bambino. In parts of Sing
propriated money for the Fall Frolic and made gr As a result, Richard Patt, the secretary of/ Gloria Carol ‘Heinlein, Carol
sure the aspects of the dance were being | the Student Council, sent a letter to the Ameri-| Hutner, and Stanley Kamel sing
taken care of efficiently, can Field Service which is an exchange student] solos,
ATTEND MEETING ‘gency, requesting information on how a stu- Testing and Rehearsals
The three upperclass presidents were sent | dent exchange program could be introduced in
ives of the Rutgers Preparatory | a school such as ours.
School to the fall conference of the New Jersey Gottlich also appointed a committee to fo} tested each one's voice not only
Association of High School Councils. AW three | to the agency's office in New York and find out/to classify it, but also to gage
3 Outing Club consists of /delegates gained a better insight into the solving apse information concerning a foreign ex-]its capacity and ability, ‘The
ora and seniors, with the ex-/of school problems. change progr: Gottlieb has seen what such a}Glee Club members rehearsed
ft Patricia Drew, a sopho: The class presidents unanimously felt that | program can do in school and feels that it is}during their lunch hours and
= |the conference was worthwhile and suggested | beneficial, sometimes after school.

    

 
 

 

Page 4

Two Alumni Games Planned;
°59 Grads To Face Faculty

On Wednesday, December 28
alumni who once played basketball

year’s varsity basketball team in an interesting scrimmage. |

 

IN THIS
CORNER |

gr |

|
Ah)
Today when‘an athlete is cap-|
able of excelling at two or three|
sports, he is regarded as extreme-

the Rutgers Preparatory Saul
for ther old alma mater face this

Returning All-Staters

A well-remembered host of fine
athletes is returning to the “Banks
of the Old Raritan" where most
of them acquired their skill in
basketball. Leading this lst of
former court satilities is a group|
of all-county and all-state stars.
This fine classy includes Ron|
Jacowitch, George Freelander, and |

ly versatile. Early in the twentieth | Al Moraska.

century at Carlisle College, how-
ever, Jim Thorpe, perhaps the
most versatile athlete of all time,

was beginning his fantastic career. an

As a college football player, he
could punt consistently for sixty
or eighty yards, and was sure to
score at least two touchdowns per
game. In the 1912 Olympic
and field events, he succeeded in
accomplishing what no one has

Faculty Versus ‘59ers

Preceeding the alumni game is
extra added attraction, a
faculty-student basketball game
scheduled in 1959 which could not
be fitted into that year's basket-
ball squad's plans. Most of the

school’s teachers, excluding the

women, are partaking in this
amusing once-a-year frolic.

since done. He placed first in] Expected to play Wednesday are
both the decathlon and penathlon-| pn, David Heinlein, Mr. Thomas

fifteen of the most grueling
Olympic events — under pressure
from the world's most proficient
competitors.

As a professional baseball

Dumarae, Mr. Michael Lasser,
Mr, Guy Blake, Mr. A. Z. Holley,
and Mr. Alfred Gaggini. A group
of reserves consisting of Mr.

player, Indian Jim, as he came to| August Daviet, Mr. Robert Fen-

be called, starred for

seasons, attaining a lifetime bat-| David

eight | stermaker, Mr. Sorrel Paskin, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Richard

ting average of 320. He was an|o:connell, Mr. Art Robinson, and

outstanding boxer, wrestler, swim-
mer, and bowler. He shot golf in
the 70's and was’a fine marksman.

Although present day athletic

Mr. Robert Reisner, the new base-
ball coach, is to stand by, —

At the head of the '59 team is

records are truly to be admired,|all-state Bruce Gunkle. Most of

one must consider the
set. Though he was at his prime
fifty years ago, Jim Thorpe is
still considered by many sport
historians as the outstanding
athlete of the twentieth century.

ideal] that year’s graduating class is to
conditions under which they are| cheer on Bruce and the remainder

of the team. The ‘59 basketball
players are out to test their talents
against the brains and the newly
| acquired brawn of the faculty.

Argo Previews

High Hopes For Swimmers;
Fenstermaker Guides Team

Rutgers Preparatory School's
swimming team, starting its
second year, is coached by Mr.
Robert Fenstermaker.

Mr. Fenstermaker, who teaches
physics at the Prep School, won
renown in college as a star of the
Rutgers University Swimming
‘Team. He was captain of this
team in his senior year and on this
team broke schools records for the
150 and 200 yead individual med-
leys.

Many members are returning
from last year’s squad, and a good
number of new boys are out for
the team, Warren Marshall, Ray-
mond Zirpolo, and Gregory De-
Vido, all veterans from last year,
are being helped in the freestyle
race by Richard Mulligan, Mark
Bezanson, Jeffrey Kirsch, Brian
Connolly, Peter Voorhees, John
Owens, and Francis Todd.

‘With so many new boys out for

 

SWIMMING SCHEDULE

 

School Place Time

Hun School Home 3:30
Peddie Away 3:30
Pennington Away 2:15

° os ae
Hun Schoo! Home 3:30
Open a
23 Newark Acsd = Away 3:30

Mar. 4 State Swimming Meet
At Lewrenceville

freestyles, we have gained depth
in this stroke, and it appears that
this is where we will be the strong-
est.

For the backstroke, Argonauts
racing will be John Lipman and
Edward Freedman who both were
on last year’s team. Marshall will
compete for Prep in the buterfly.
Swimming the breaststroke are
John Schmitt and jathan
Rosenblum, both of whom are
swimming in this stroke for the
first time.

Divers returning from last year
are William Sleigh, Gonthar
Rooda, and Carl Pepper. They are
Joined by Gary Miller and Douglas
Kennett, new members of the
team.

Practice, which began several
weeks ago, takes place at the New
Brunswick Y.M.C.A. pool. Here,
boys work out four days a week.
They practice by swimming laps
and windsprints and practicing
starts and turns.

Many muscles have become
sore, but the team finally appears
to be well in shape for its first
meet. This will be against the Hun
School on December 16.

After working with the Argo-
naut swimming team for the past
weeks, Mr. Fenstermaker com-
mented that, “It is a young team,
only three seniors, but it has
potential.’

 

The Argo

Argonauts Lose

. _$———-" a
k TAs eee
t > aaa

Prep.
Slow Start

 

The Rutgers Prep basketball team lost its first
contest of the season on December 5, when it was
edged by St. Bernard’s, 66-63, on the winner's
court. The game was extremely hard fought and
spirited, and it was a heart-breaking defeat for

The Argonauts got off to a slow start, and by
the end of the first quarter they had registered
only eight points. However, a fine second stanza,
paced by Paul Gottlieb’s ten points, enabled our
cagers to take a slim 30-29 halftime lead.

The third, quarter was closely contested and
going into the final eight minutes the score was
tied, 49-49, With one and a half minutes remaining
in the game, the Argonauts were down by a mere
one point. However, the turning point of the game
came when Prep missed two final shots, and St.
Bernard’s snared the rebound, When the opponents
brought the ball up court and scored, they moved

Gottlieb and Weiss fight St. Bernards off the boards.

St. Bernard’s Height Leads To Setback;
Gottlieb Hits 26 Points In 66-63 Defeat

by Richard Patt

First

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

into a three point lead, with less than a minute
to go in the game. A desperate attempt by Prep to
win in the last few sconds failed due to a walking
violation, and at the buzzer, Prep was four points
short of victory.

Gottlieb High Scorer
The Argonaut scorers were led by Gottlieb,
who connected on eleven field goals and four foul-

Winter Sports

‘The Rutgers Prep Varsity this
year again faces strong oponents,
having already opened its season
against a team from St. Bernards.
The cagers from St, Bernards had
a record last yedr of 14 and 3,
and are expected to enjoy another.
fine season. f

Coach O'Connell feels Prep’s
toughest foe is Peddie School, a
team with considerable height.
Although the Argonauts have
dropped Highland Park and
Sayreville, two of Middlesex
county’s top teams, from its
schedule, they have picked up
Stevens and Blair Academies,
besides St. Bernards, teams with
extremely good players.

After two scrimmages, one with
the Rutgers freshmen and one
with South River, Coach O'Connell
feels that his players have to work
on several things if they hope to
have a winning season. There is
good defensive rebounding, and
fair scoring from the sides.

The problem is, “Are we going
to score enough from under-
neath?” The Prepsters will need
a minimum of twenty points be-
tween two of the front court men,
Dave Weiss and Dick Sandor.
Injurles to Weiss, Larry Diener,
and Sophomore Mark Turtletaub
have hurt development of the
scoring.

 

 

Cagers: Face Strong Foes;
Coach Sees Good Season

The five seniors on the squad,
Weiss, Diener, Sandor, Paul
Gottlieb and Jack McCormick,
barring illness or injury, now
compose the starting team,
players such as Richard Patt, Bill
Young, Mike Jacobs, Charlie
Gross, and others, however, can
improve enough, one of them may
warrant a starting position,

Young Players Must Help

Coach O'Connell feels that the
key to the season will be the
physical condition of the five
starters, and the ability of thirteen
and fourteen year old boys to
come into the games and give
these five a rest. The Prepsters
are determined, and if they win
two out of their first three games,
“Okie” thinks they will be on their
way to a fine season,

The Rutgers Prep Varsity
basketball team opens its 1960-61
home schedule on December 17,
The opposition Is provided by
Hoffman High School,

Coach O'Connell has hopes for
a fine season and feels that good
attendance at games would aid
the team In achieving this goal.

Come and help the team launch
the new season! Game time is
3:30,

shots for 26 points. He was the second highest
scorer in the game, being bested by 6’ 4" Bart Engler
of St. Bernard's, who sunk thirty points. The rest
of Prep’s scoring was evenly distributed among
several other players: Mike Jacobs, Dave Weiss,
and Bill Young;
points respectively,
Two Major Weaknesses

Prep was hindered most in this game by a lack
of consistent rebounding. As a team, St. Bernard's
was considerably taller than we, and therefore, we
were at great disadvantage, when trying to get
rebounds. Another Argonaut shortcoming was their

who accounted for 12, 7, and 7

shaky start. On account of this,
we were behind by seven points
at the end of the first quarter, a
major factor in our loss.

All-Stars To
Meet Marlins

The Varsity “R” Club has
recently announced it has formed
a team, the “Hollywood All Stars,”
to play the “Miami Marlins,” com-
prised of Varsity and Junior-
Varsity basketball players.

At present no definite date for
the game has been determined.
However, it is expected to be
played in the very near future.
The Varsity “R” Club is to decide
when the game is to take place.

The teams are considered even-
ly matched, but many observers
believe that the “Marlins” are
the better shooters and the “All-
Stars” are the better rebounders.

Members of the “Hollywood All-
Stars” team are Dick Sandor, Jack
McCormick, Bill Young, Larry
Golinski, and Dick Mulligan. Play-
ing for the opposing “Miami
Marlins” are Paul Gottlieb, Dave

Weiss, Mare Turtletaub, Dick
Patt, Mike Jacobs, and Peter
Konowicz.

The rivalry between the teams is
growing in intensity and the game

 

Promises to be an exciting one.

I LL I ETE FT ee

 
