the Gh

ty wish you
year and star
1 in thei

 
RUTGERS i r E [IDE

uy ARATORY QUILL

SCHOOL | \ i « lo are

1766 ee [869
oe = 950

September 19, 1950 - - Volume 7 Issuc 1
RUTGERS PREP BEGINS 185% YEARX
HEAOMASTERS WELCOME 1O4 ENROLLED [)

On. Sevtenber 19, the hallowed
: T.aon glad tohavo-this opportun- | halls - of Rutrors trop rincs with
ity to greot all of you at the the sound of many trampling foct -
openins, of another School year,and | 205 tramplins feet to be enact.

 

 

co extend a.cordial velcome to ‘the The school's student bocy is
nutgers Preparatory School. divided up in the*following order:

Pifty- three seniors, ee
The state of the world may seom | juniors,eleven sophomores end s
precarious and the daily headlines | teen freshmen. The large number of
Ciscouraging, but for the coming | seniors, as compared with the rel-
year at least,you are not asked to atively small numbers of under-
sett le international problems, nor classnen, is caused by the boys
solve the world's ills. who, not going all the way through
our school, only entered to take a
A wise man once wrote, "Our main | post-graduate course obtain cre-
business is not to sce what lies Gits for college, All the classes
dimly ahead, but to do what lies may seen small; however,such small
clearly at han 1a,'' hat lies clear- numbers of students are nothin:
ly at hand. for cach. of you richt | new at Prep.
now is to get the dest education | mere are many activities at
you can yhile you have the onnor= Prep. Aside from sp ports (football,
cunity, basketball, baseball, track, ten-
nis and colt), thero are others,
such as the yearboo':, stamp club,

Gotting off o & gocd g start is

Por

 

as inportant or a successful theater ‘club, THE ARGO, and the
school year as it is to a svrinter | ever=-nopular Cleo Club

~ 1, de ~
in avace. Resolve today that you | In a small school like ovrs, so
E Spree

 

i117 taclle each day's many different fsroups would seon
to. the bes’ of your almost too smch,but thoy have wor-
that you will tea venata ked successfully for many years
low students and faculty to “10le previous to this ono, Still other
Nutsers Prenaratory School a ploa- clubs than those mentioned above,
gant vlace in which 6=bhyse ere | suc as a Gras matics society, could

fovork, The first cay of classes is | probably be orranizec if enouch
“he time so bersin - not next vweolz <repsver's are enninely interested,
or the woel: after, Concentration If the interest exists, almost any
is the secret of succossful study. muibor ofactivities can be suppor-
whe Administrative staf? mde facul.- sed by our school, So,to start the
vy wish you success in the cori year, why don't some of you who
year and stand ready to do evors have similar hobties got torether
thing ‘in thoir nower to reln you ana form a club? It would be 3
make it*an onriching ane rewarding formative, it would benefit
one, school, and it would bo fun,

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
TH ARCO Beptouder 19, 1950 Page 2

 

can be reached

fae ARGO STA Ar es, ide ngs are done:

$$$ if
' : AiO wing > 0 = PrPman =
Jo-Uditors-in-Chiof...Dick Sonndliy cx "3b, if enough boys in Pz oP do~

+| cide that they, too, would like to

Jim Laaont
SSaase eo : be on the ARGO staff.i.e of tho pa-
lusistant iditor....Dick Dimwnonberg| er are desperat ely in necd of nox
oer workers: weitors, ortists, photo- ot
“ag3 : a : 1é
BCLtors.eseces see Lom lurray| STS phors, and alt others who woule
Se aluable asscts to us in’one

 

LOOPS sivawers ee ce dam. Gaspari

Sorts | UALGOI scence cee RPR227EE2ITD wey or another. ie
sichanes GLEOPseeseees 2222022242 Second, we neod support from

Soto Pavy VALCO. 0000 22777777992| Our readors.I? you contt like this
on that foaturo in THE Anco, or

think that some item shovld be in-
cluded; don't just beef - write. to
the oditors, sneak to a staff mem- C—
ber, or join the staff and correct
it yourself. We lmow our paper
isn't perfoct and novor will be,
sublisnod| but if the school is behind us, we
can never fpil in our efforts to
serve it, and thercfore you,in the
best mannor possible.

 

Workers
Gerry Noldrich, George Allgair,????

TPR ERE
Faculty Advisor....e.D. i, Teinloin
TI ANGO....2is edited and
by the students of Rutcors krop,and
is a mowber of the “uitl and Scroll
International Zonorary ~ociety for

lich Dchool Journalists, C ROME R | n 4 OSPITAL

 

 

FOITO R IQ | This paragranh is-tozlet . Bit
. Cramer, our Sports kditor, Imow he
isn't forgotton even though he

i : Pein ae “= pe . wo " a a a
dc silage eo ea oe ee Gea with us virht now, “ou seo,
lo yhas.you like with it; you can 5111, 9 former football vlaver-and

mee it tho bast school newspapor ts 6
12 1 aa sce.00Ll Wspa a a 3 Tada a
seth. ts tenes a Bee oe ARGO s* ort writer, is in Tiddlesozx

uO, et atv srep,or 7 Uospital fichtinc a discaso lmom

ee, Sane . 7

en cence ees a hepeteser i. os spinal meningitis, instead of
BAGLOG 2h Fours 20 BAe, OUD emearing then .iazgessblomta., bell
somOTPoiT, and Yor Sie presy of the arrior, Lots of luck to you,2ill,
yoars ao . . and may your rocovory be aided br
the boys already on t. the good wishes afall your frionds

vit! AD c
Ti ARGO are

ot t Prep.

to produce a neat, readan
Y

Bua oP fete geri, dewey QUR BOYS
Li This isa little .articlo to

“ood, ic my be only
eon be mado better in many ways,To point out somo of tho boys in .tho

    

find these wavs is tho task to Senior Class who should do things
which the staff is sivon. . Worthy of montion curing the next
Cortain Ccofinitc ends ac 208-G ycar,

   

siblo if they arc worlted for, Ong Among tho outs Standing soniors
is the prosontation of a bottor this year aro Jack sorgon, last
oreanised, neator pagor; another, yoar's high scoror in baskotball

linr.of that paper not more= Dick BDublor, a busy wan ene is tho

 

vue wii
ly cood in stylo, but rich in en- oditor of this woor's earbeol, and
sorsaimnont value as wollsa third, Bruco Johnson, who enald gu lots

infor- of action on tho sridiron ths soa-

to present into resting and
son as he has formerly.

mative sunplomonts which oxplain

or describe dotails not yvossiblo Dicl: Connolly, of courso, is in
in the paper itsclf, such as foot- the drivor's goat of TEL Ang . and
wall lineups, ana tho AGO Lxtra Jim Gaspari cracls the whip § that
waite’, accommaniocs this issuc, papor's art denarticnt.
 

Ronee =
September 19, 1950

Page 3

 

THE NEWS AND ITS MEANING TO US

hiymssae Jt
ere ee months , while
anole 2 “OVC cnjoying the sun
Vater, and plavix i 5
_ P-ying in them, there
ig a conflict in Korea. the ior-
ae i a whose government was
- up ane controlled by the Krem-
din, mace an attack on the covern-
neat of South Korea, This latter
vaieh had been set w by the United
Lations ,ivas helpless under the ate
tack of croat numbers of Communist
gens , planes, and tanks and having
Russian advisors, The only defonse

all

1.

that the southerners had was a
emall police forco that was equip-
ped with surnlus Amcorican arns

left over from World War II,

As the Red forces swept dovm
the Korean peninsula, tho govern-
ment of the Republic of Korcan reo-
ferred to above as South Korea,ap-
plied for aid from the United ua-

tions. Our ovm government offered
its men and machines to halt the

Red advance. The American troops
were sent to the battle-frone, but
they lacked, in the initial days
of conbat, the heavy guns necded
to lmoelk out the huge Russian-mado
tanks, Defore enough arms could be
gshipyed to Korca, the remnants of
the South Korean army wore scatter-
cd temporarily and our men wore
forced to retreat until they con-
trollod little more than a beach-
head.

Whilo tho fighting was going on
tie United Nations Security Coun-
cil met again, having previously
okayed the Korean action taken by
tho United States,to continue dis-
sussions on what should be done to
“oly the Amorican and Korcon for-
ce3 drive tho Reds out of the froe
ad domocratic South Korean nation,

September 1 was sot by tho load-
er of the North Korean Army as tho
deadline for driving the Amoricans
into tho sca, but now that that
4oto has vassed uneventfully end
sore al moro supplios of all kinds
avo pouring into the Unitod lations

- beachhead, now reinforced by . Tom-
mics, it scems that the Red inva-
sion is destined for failure,

General MacArthur, who is tho
United tations comaandor-in-chiof
in Korea, assures us of victory,
but he also states that it will
take time to win.

ioanwhile, the Korean war has
stirred up this country's admin-
istrators to action, Nomofront no-
bilization is the issue of the cay
in Viashington, where many consider

Korea a blossing in disguiso, be-
causo it has made us realize our
woalmesses and given us tine to
correct thom,

vihile attempting to assure the

Unitod States! sefoty by means of
such measures as a new draft law,
which will affoet youn men above
the ago of 19, Concress was trying
to maintain a poacotime cconony as

much as possiblo, and to prevent
tho spread of inflation throush
controls now boing onacted,

Buty, you say, what's this to
you? Plonty, and here's why. This
scarod to a

coumtry is not being ¢

partly wartimo ceonomy just for a
“year or so, or until tho present
crisis onds, Tho stoens boing talzon
now provide Hr protection against
the throat of Comiunist aggression
for a long, long timc to como, And
that moans that ovory ono of us
will bo affoctcd,

Tho most obvious chango is tho
draft legislation, ilo in school
most boys aro fairly safo, but in
a yoar or two, tho moasuro can a-
ffoecet over half of our prosont
studont body.

Also, thorc's tho quostion of
combating inflation. ‘this moans
yrico and wage controls if and
whon dangor of such a disaster ap-
proachos, So,in ono way or anothor,
the presont crisis vil affoct us -
ov ry ono of us = and may provide
tho most important changos in our
vay of lifo t como in many a year,

 
 

Sept.
Oct.

Oct.
Oct.

Oct.

Tov,

Nov.

 

Football Schedule 1950-1951

29
7

14
20

27

10
L7

Penn Military College Prep
Johnson Park
Blair Academy
Blairstown
Open
Peddie School
Johnson Park
Wewark Acedemy
Johnson Park
Bordentown Military Inst,
Bordentown
St. Peul's School
Garden City, l.Y.
Malvern Prep
Johnson Park

 
