 

 

     

Y Jldldaihalubild MULL, ee

SS

(“MARGH, 1909

   
 
  

INSSGSSEGA

SNR ENR

 

—q 8

« RUTGERS * PREPARATORY ¢ SCHOOL:

y LiddéddéLdéiil i...

“

  
   
 
 

  
   

| Seg

Ne

\

WS

SOOT

+
SS

SY

RAGS

BO

 

SS

 
THE ARGO

Rutgers College ant Rutgers Scientiic sero

     

ol
NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY ‘

 

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough

vision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC
DEPARTM
ENT

= ailities for Elective Courses throughout the :
unusual facilities : ° : ai e is the New Jersey State Coll
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, and the Mechanic Arts, A
. 2 ;
Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, legttnerte Ge ee are eight full eas tare
a C 1 egree in Scie u

1. A Course in Agtscihae ees BSc, SUFfS, cach
2. A Course in Civil Enginceri
3. A Course in Chemistry, aoe
4. A Course in Electricity,
3
6.
Z

and by a re

lege for the benefit of

German,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.
. A Course in Biology,
. A Course in Clay Working and Ce
: ics,

. A Course,in Mechani i 2
8. A Course’ in General Seieneeering.

etion of the full four

In this Department, on the compl
the candidate receives

years’ requirements including Greek,

the degree of A.B.
, . : png eet eeuite of two years-in ¢ 3
On the completion of the full four years requirements in Fon matalogues and : ‘ €ramics which doe:
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for UPSON, Registrar other information, address IRVING s
: oH NGS,

Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt. I. S. DEMAREST, D.D. Pp
> 0.) President,

J. HEIDINGSFELD,

No. 42 Albany Street, New Brunswick, N. J

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

B. U. TAPKEN, 2EWELER ==

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.
111-118 CHURCH ST. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J

 

 

 

 

 

Carpets, Matting » Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS and JACKETS anc'chiarens. stock ot DRESS GOODS and SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GO. firsts ms

When patronizi ; 5
patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
THE ARGO 13

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,|P Hf SUDAM, RocER, .
384 George St. Everything the Best.

Phone 877. ee Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

Established 76 years,

——STEWART & CLAYTON—=—
Sole Agents ;
Young's and Truly Warner Hats
Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

  

par

[

; FOR
Young FRen
$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.

Basket-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

0. O. STILLMAN, I. §. VAN DERVEER,
Jeweler and Optician.

DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. Studio:
SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER. TLd10:

CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS. i
George Street, New Brunswick, N, J.
133 ALBANY STREET. 5 Bee =

 

 

Photographer,

 

 

S. ZIMMERMAN, E. VOLKERT,
Barber. Merehant « Tailor,

Also Birds and Fishes. 859 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J..

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
THE
74

RUTGERS PREP.

ARGO

SCHOOL BOOKSTORE

 

 

School, Office and Gener

380 GEORGE STREET,

al Stationery Supplies of Every Description,

NEW BRUNSWICK, y. 5

 

 

WILLIAM GAUB,

DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF

Meats > Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

To buy Clothing you must have confidence
in tha firm you buy from. Try here.

W. kK, CRATER,
96 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

RANDOLPH
Foto-grater.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.
*Phone 229-w.

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.

College Snaps.
We Make a Special Little Picture.

CALL AND SEE US.

 

Rensselaer %,
4Polytechnic%%,
"et, Institute,

“ip Troy, N.Y.

Loval examinations provided for, Send for a catalogue.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Anco.
 

ARGO.

New Brunswick, N. J., Marcu, 1909.

No. 6.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“THE DEATH KNELL.”

We were all visiting my uncle on his farm
in Northern Connecticut, but as I was much
younger than any of my brothers or sisters I
was left a good deal to myself. I met one
fellow, Jim Daly, whom I liked quite well, but
he was kept busy on his father’s farm pretty
much of the time, and so I didn’t see much of
‘him either. But I liked walking, and since
the roads around D were good I amused
myself a good deal in this way. Now D——
had once been a large and flourishing town
and so on my walks I naturally found many
deserted houses in which I took a great deal
of interest. It was on one of these walks,
about a week or so after my arrival, that I
noticed especially a very large and handsome
house, set back from the street some hundred
feet.

When I got home I asked my uncle about
this house, and he told us that a very rich
family had lived there, but they had always
kept pretty much to themselves and not much
was known about them. They had disap-
peared suddenly, and as no one inquired about
them their whereabouts were not traced; in-
deed, for weeks no one thought anything
about it. But as time went on and no signs
of life appeared people began to wonder. Then
they began to remember that from time to
time they had heard certain wailing, that, now
that they were listening for it, could be heard

 

 

 

at least one night a week. [ was very much
aroused at this story and resolved to visit the
house, but as none of the rest of the family
seamed to care about going I got Jim to go
with me. We set out the very next night,
and a nasty night it was too,

The wind howled and raged about us and
the rain came down in torrents. We should
have turned back except for the taunts we
knew the others would have waiting. So we
struggled on and at last saw the house, a tre-
mendous building, looming up before us in
the darkness. We approached quickly, glad
to have even such a refuge in the storm. ‘Lo
our dismay all the doors were locked and
though we tried all the windows on the front
of the house we could not break our way in
for they all had inner shutters securely barred.
We tried the other windows in the same way,
but although we broke through the sash the
inner shutters proved’ impassable. At the
back of the house we found an old trellis with
a dead rose vine half clinging to it. With
some difficulty we pulled this down from the
wall and leaned it up against the side of a
bay-window. We used this as a ladder 3 it
was rather wobbly but it served our purpose
well enough. The rain made the roof very
slippery, but I kept my foothold long enough
to enable me to open a window. This was
locked by an ordinary catch and all I had to
do was to break a pane of glass and turn the
catch. We then grasped the window ledge
and pulled ourselves in. We saw by the dim
light that we were in a very large room.

We immediately struck a light and investi-
gated the room. The former household must
indeed have been rich, for the room was mag-
nificently furnished, satin brocade upholstery
and hangings, beautiful Persian and fur rugs,
and the ashes of a long-ago fire lay on the
hearth.
16 THE

We sat down on a sofa, covered almost half
an inch thick with dust, and began our lonely

vigil. Suddenly we heard it, at first a soft
melancholy wail, then rising to an unéarthly
it seemed a

shriek; now rising, now falling,
fit companion to the howling wind. We hud-
dled together ; in the vastness of the house-this
wail seemed almost supernatural. Finally,
unable to endure it longer, but determined to
know whence it came, we got up and crept
through long corridors and enormous apart-
ments, The furniture looked like ghosts, the
shadows like those of people; we started at
every turn as we met our images in a mirror
or heard a distant far-away creak. We became
too nervous to go on, but at last the dawn
came, slowly, uncertainly, it is true, yet it was
light, and our spirits rose accordingly.

Now we decided, when the wailing had
ceased, to make a search of the house from
attic to cellar, which we did, though it took
some nerve to do it even then. After a long
search of the rest of the house we went to the
attic. This floor had a long hall, from back
to front, and had rooms on either side. We
listened for a moment and heard the wail
again, much louder than before, at our right.
We opened the door of the room from which
the sound seemed to come. All that greeted
us was a blast of cold air which blew out our
candle—it was still dark enough to need one—
and slammed the door behind us. Cold shivers
ran down our backs that could not entirely be
accounted for by an open window and a rush
of air.

We lit the candle and ttied to guard it with
our hands, but it was no use, the candle blew
right out again and I threw it aside. We
looked toward the window and in the gray
light saw a form that filled up half the win-
dow space. We felt our way along the wall
and looking closely saw it to be an Aeolian
harp. We lifted this from the casing and took
it downstairs. I lit another candle and looked
more closely at the harp and found it to be a
beautiful one made of ebony and handsomely

ARGO

inlaid with mother-of-pearl. This harp ¢
plained the wails that had startled us so, uo
how did the harp happen to be there in a
attic window? We were just going when -
foot caught on the leg of a large Japans
screen, which tumbled down with a crash a
a little stand. The stand shook and a dae n
on the side nearest the wall slid part ys 4
I went over to the stand to pick up the screen
and in doing so saw in the drawer a large book
marked “Archives.” These clippings, eke
told the story of an intensely interesting aan
musical family, but I shall give only the one
on the last page. It read:

“T cannot endure-this living luxuriously on
money which should be another’s any longer
and now that I have killed my family I wit]
kill myself also. I have left my favorite
Aeloian harp in an attic window, protected by
the eaves. This will play our death knell in a
way no other instrument could.”

(ast Prize.) Harry L. Janeway.

THE WHITE MAN’S REVENGE.

“Be ready to start for Cape Town by Tues-
day next—Irving Manning.”

Thus ran the message on the little slip of
yellow paper lying on my desk before me, [
had practiced surveying for only two years,
and now with a little band of expert engineers
I was to set forth on a mission which threat-
ened not only danger and hardship, but tven
death.

Wishing to open up Central Africa and
stimulate foreign trade, the Government had
decided to build a railroad from South Africa
to the source of the Nile.

After a quiet voyage we arrived at Cape
Town and at once began the work of survey-
ing and mapping out the course, which lay
through a region infested with all kinds of
noxious insects and reptiles, savage beasts and
still more savage men. Three weeks of hard
work established our headquarters at Cape
Town, and then Mr. Manning and I were sent
out to break a path through the jungle. Ex-
THE ARGO 1

plosives were given us to use in case the way
should become too entangled for us to use
axes. The rest of the party was to follow us
soon with the heavy instruments.

Ten days of the most tiring work found us’

in the midst of an almost impenetrable wilder-
ness. A dozen times a day we were forced to
leap quickly aside to avoid the strike, of some
loathsome serpent, while every night the forest
around us rang with a bedlam of hoarse roars
and screams. Knowing that with our feeble
strength we could get no farther, we decided
to encamp and wait for the rest of the party
to come up. So we chose as dry a spot as we
could find and carefully pitched our tent, build-
ing a little palisade around it to keep out any
wild beasts.

That night it seemed to me that I had hard-
ly fallen asleep when I was aroused by a crash
and a cry from my friend. As I leaped from
my couch I received a blow from behind which
knocked me senseless. When I regained con-
sciousness I was aware that strong hands were
carrying me through the jungle at a rapid
pace. My head pained me greatly, and this,
added to my great excitement, caused me to
sink into a deep stupor from which I did not
wake till the next morning. I found myself
lying bound hand and foot, in a little hut made
of mud and leaves and thatched with reeds.
On the other side of this miserable abode lay
Manning, regarding me with an expression
both of anger and despair.

“What has happened?” I asked feebly.

“Happened!” he exploded. ' “This is a
pretty mess of things; here we are off in an
African jungle with no help within a hundred
miles. These bloodthirsty cannibals crept up
on us last night and bound me almost before
I knew what had happened. The question is,
what shall we do?”

The answer was not long in coming.

A hideous looking savage opened the door
of the hut and came inside. Brandishing a
long knife he smacked his lips and made signs

of eating, then walking over to Manning he
cut his bonds, but to our surprise as if acting
on some sudden impulse, left him and went
out. My companion rose at once to his feet.
“Heavens!” he exclaimed, “they mean to serve
me up for their dinner.”

After a quick glance around the hut as if to
find some way of escape, he walked steadfastly
over to our pile of stores, which had been put
in with us. Pulling out a half-pint bottle
labelled nitro-glycerine, to my utmost horror
and amazement, he gulped down the contents.
At this moment the savage re-entered with
two companions, and as Manning was led
through the door he turned to me, saying
quietly, “I will not die alone,” and passed out
to his fate,

I lay like one half stunned, hoping against
hope that my friend’s terrible death and re-
venge would open up some chance of escape
for me. Suddenly the air was rent with a roar
of musketry, the door of the hut was torn open
and in rushed one of the engineers. An angel
from heaven could not have been more wel-
come.

After a short sharp fight the natives fled,
leaving many of their number dead in the vil-
lage. The other party of engineers had been
closer than we knew, and on finding our tent
empty had followed the trail left by the sav-
ages in their haste, arriving just in time to
prevent a double tragedy. Our army physi-
cian after an hour’s work pronounced Man-
ning out of danger, and we were both sent
back to Cape Town with an escort. Feeling
that we had. seen enough of Africa we took
passage on the first steamer for England and
arrived in due time. To this day I cannot bear
the sight of a bottle of nitro-glycerine, for the
thought of what might have happened always
throws me into a cold sweat.

(2nd Prize.) Tuurtow C. NELson.

The judge calls the prisoner down and then
at once sends him up.

 
THE ARGO

 

THE ARGO.

School Year,

Published Monthly During the

BY THE
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
ee ee

d in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

Entere!

a
oo

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

ee
ooo

BOARD OF EDITORS:

HL. F. Suira, ’09, Editor-in-Chief.
J. H. JonNson, ’og, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
M. Ross, ’09, Alumni Notes.

c. Vv. ;
ee ’ Literary Editors.
R. W. IREDELL, ’09,

J. E. EMenporr, ’10,

R. W. Turner, ’09,

A. A. Prentiss, ’09, } News.

F. H. Low, ’09,

R. W. SEARLE, ’10, Exchanges.
Atan Concer, Annex.

RBS , 09, :
RT: PE t Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-
panied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers: of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute,

THE TAU PHI AND BET 4 Py
On Friday, February the twelf
Phi and Beta Phi fraternities hejg te © Tay
dance at the Trap, it being the Most eir anna
ever held there. The room Was a su Less
decorated with greens and banners "Opiate,
lent music was furnished by Ha ts 9. keel
The supper dance lasted an foe me eta
during which time chicken salaq ie ae hal,
ice cream in forms, and fancy am Wie]
served by Schussler. €S Wer
About eighty guests attende re
those from out of town being the
ker of New York City, Miss yy
Miss King of Watkins, N. Y,, Mic. .
Tarrytown, N. Y., Miss Wicks of ee of
N. Y., and Mr. Fred. Morse of me
N. Y. The chaperones were Onke

Mr W: *S,
s. Wi

Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. illard,
Fisher.

'Dag
hy, t Nee,

hes,
3 ‘ance
Misses Par.

Ts,

Scudder ang Mrs

 

FIND A WAY OR MAKE Ir.
It was a noble Roman
In Rome’s imperial day
Who heard a coward croaker
Before the castle say:
“They're safe in such a fortress,
There is no way to shake it.”
“On! On!” exclaimed the hero,
“Tl find a way or make it!”

Is fame your aspiration?
Her path is steep and high.
In vain he seeks her temple
Who is content to gaze and sigh.
The shining throne is waiting,
But he alone can take it
Who says with Roman firmness,
“T’ll find a way or make it!”

Is learning your ambition?
There is no royal road,

Alike the peer and peasant
Must climb to her abode.

Who feels the thirst of knowledge
In Helicon may slake it,

If he has still the Roman will

“PI find a way or make it!
THE ARGO

Tue Story Contest.— The Editors are
much pleased with the interest taken in the
story contest and only regret that more first
prizes could not be awarded. That it was hard
to choose the winner is shown by the fact that
the judges were not unanimous in their deci-
sion; so it will not be strange if you should
have differences of opinion as to the merit of
the stories published.

A word of friendly criticism will not be
amiss at this point. Many of the stories sub-
mitted suffered badly from a surprising care-
lessness in the matter of spelling, punctuation,
and paragraphing. In some stories good ideas
and spirited narrative were almost unintelli-
gible because of this.

Some of the stories fell down because of a
weak solution of a problem well presented.
The climax did not come. Again, some of the
stories did’ not succeed because events did
not always grow naturally out of the circum-
stances. A story to be convincing must be
consistent in itself—must at least seem prob-
able in its own world whether it is elsewhere
or not.

Of the stories published, “The White Man’s

Revenge” is well thought out, moves rapidly,
and holds our interest. As to what the nitro-
glycerine would have done to the natives—
the man who swallowed it we give up—we
are not quite sure, but the author undoubtedly
has a proper explanation. - If the explosive
will do what he apparently claims for it, we
are satisfied. “The Death Knell” shows con-
siderable skill in catching and holding our in-
terest, also in creating an atmosphere. It
shows power of imagination both in originat-
ing and building up the plot. Events show
a tendency to happen at the author’s conven-
ience instead of seeming to be the result of
circumstances in the story, but this comes
from lack of experience, as will also the
ability to make more ott of certain situations.
The climax, especially, must be convincing.

 

Arco.—This year has been the most suc-
cessful the Arco has ever had.. Starting the

79

term with a staff on which but two old men
Temained we have given our subscribers so
far the best magazine ever turned out at
Prep. We have had but one story in each
Issue, making our editorials the main part of
the Paper. And has it paid? Rather. Every
subject on which an editorial has been written
has been catefully considered by the school
and if judged promising has been followed

ae A gun team, an orchestra, etc., have
een constructed from ideas thrown

out b
the Arco, ‘

And our exchange column. At the start we
had two exchanges; now we have thirty; and
this is a significant fact, for nearly every éx-
change commenting on us gives some kind
of a compliment.

And what of the support of the paper?
Out of a school of eighty-five students we
have nearly eighty subscribers. After each
issue gratifying remarks are heard on every
side. The school is proud of the paper and
the paper is proud of the school.

The Arco is growing; we have eight more
columns in this issue; and’ in the same way
the school will grow. With the coming of the:
new Trap our old school will be in an era of
prosperity which it has never before enjoyed.
And that era has begun. The Trap has more
inmates than ever before; the school is more
attractive, and every student is proud of his
school. With this spirit, our athletic teams,
our paper and our school face a period which
means glory and prosperity.

VALuE oF Epucation. — An Indiana jury
awarded $509.99 for the killing of a boy. A
superintendent in Virginia called this an out-
rage. But why is this an outrage? Because
the boy’s time at school is worth more than
$599.99. The following calculation is quoted
from what this superintendent said on the
subject:

“If an uneducated man earns $1.50 a day
for 300 days in the year, he does very well,
and if he keeps it up for forty years he will
THE ARGO

80

earn $1.50 multiplied by 300 multiplied by _
or $18,000, An educated man 1s ae nae

ally paid by the day, but by the mont of ne
‘the year. If you will strike an average © :

earnings of educated men, beginning with the
President of the United States, who earns
$50,000 a year, and run down the scale until
you come to the lower walks in point of earn-
ing among educated men, you will admit that
$1,000 a year is a low average for the earn-
ings of educated labor. For 40 years you
have $40,000 as the earning of an educated
man, Subtract $18,000 from $40,000, and
the difference, or $22,000, must represent the
value of a boy’s time spent at school in get-
ting an education.”

Now, if we say the average school life of
every boy and girl is seven years of 200 days,
and it takes four more years to get a good
education, we have 11 multiplied by 200, or
2,200 days at school, equal to $22,000. By
division then, every day at school, properly
spent, must be worth $10.

Do not forget that each day at school, prop-
erly spent, is worth $10. With this in mind,

-do not disturb a boy when he is doing his
best to study, and do not distract his atten-
tion when he is trying to learn in class, but
make your school days worth $10 a piece, and
do not tolerate any fooling from other boys.

Track TeaAm.—There has been a noticeable
lack of material for our track team, but what
we have has gone right ahead training, and
has entered large meets resolved to do the
best they could, even if they could not win as
a team. It is to be hoped that we may be

able to enter a team in the Pingry meet. Those’

who have come regularly to practice deserve
the praise of, the school. The example of
these few fellows ought to make the other
fellows wake up and be doing. Athletic com-
petition is one of the ways in which a school
is advertised, and we who can, owe it to the
school to take part in these sports. Let every

one show his school spirit and come out for
the track team. 3

Wuat Every Boy Owes To THe Scuoor,—
Every boy owes it to the school to maj

ies ; ntain
a high standard in his studies. The schoo}
is composed of individuals and it is the stand.

ard of the individual which makes the stand
ard of the school. A school in which the 1th,
jority of the students get low marks js liable
to be classed as a school which does Not en-
courage working, which has too Many out.
side interests, and in which the Pupils do
more play than work. No parents are likely
to send their boys to such a school, Some
may say that the school requires too much
but such is very seldom the case. It is usually
the pupils who are at fault, and the remedy
lies with them. They owe it to the schoo} to
raise the scholarship standard of the school,
Everybody who can should take part in the
athletics of the school, and it is a weak fel.
low who can’t take part because he is low in
his studies. Let him get to work and raise
his marks; any fellow strong enough to be an
athlete ought not to give up to an easy lesson,
Let us do away with can’t, and instead say I
will. Then our school will become really
worth while.

BaseE-BatL.—lt is now time to begin think-
ing about base-ball, to be getting out our
bats, gloves and balls, and to begin organiz-
ing the material which is to represent the
school during the coming season. This year
we have about four or five fellows left over
from last year’s team. With these to form a
nucleus and with the number of fellows in
such a school as this who are bound to play
base-ball, we ought to be able to form a team
which shall be an honor to the school. Man-
ager Turner has arranged a fine schedule,
and now it remains with the team to make
the season a success. But the people who do
not play must remember that they too have a
duty to perform. It is their duty to encourage *
the team, to support it with all their efforts,
to aid-it on towards better results, and not to
grumble at a lost game or so. If we remem-
ber this our team is bound to win.
THE

Dairy Reapinc.—How many of us read
the newspapers, or at least some good weekly
periodical such as the Outlook or Literary
Digest? This daily reading ought to be as
important a part of our school work as His-
tory, Language or Science. It is the one way
by which we can get a view of current history,
and if we are to make anything of ourselves
we must be acquainted with what is going on
in the world. Mr. Scudder has tried to stimu-
late this by having certain times devoted to
current events, and by giving over certain
history periods to a discussion of the affairs
of the day. The Arco wishes still further to
emphasize this point, and to recommend that
we all read some good daily paper like the
Times or Tribune, and if time is lacking for
this at least read a weekly devoted to cur-
rent events such as those recommended above.
And in our reading let us try to get the sig-
nificance of the most important events and
their relation to the other affairs of the world.

AnTI-SMoKING.—Recently at a meeting of
the Senior Class the following resolutions
against smoking were passed: 1. That no boy
in short trousers should be allowed to smoke
either in going to or from school or up at the
Trap. 2. That it be recommended that the
entire student body refrain from smoking in
sight of the school buildings. These resolu-
tions are a step in the right direction, and
show that we are beginning to realize the per-
nicious effects of smoking on young boys.
Mr. Scudder has constantly spoken against
the practice, and it is in a large part due to
his influence that we begin to perceive the
necessity for a radical curtailment of the prac-
tice. The Arco congratulates and extends its
thanks to the Senior Class for an action so in
accord with the policy of this paper.

Basket-BaLit.—We have a basket-ball team
that deserves to be greatly complimented by
the school. They have lost almost every
game and usually by large scores, but they
have shown a spirit which makes the school
proud of them. With only one person left

ARGO 81

from the great team we had last year, and
with a noticeable lack of good material, our
team has gone through defeats undiscour-
aged, has practiced incessantly, has played the
hardest of Opponents, and has in every way
shown the finest kind of spirit; for there is
nothing which will down a man quicker than
defeat, and the one who can rise.above it is
truly a conqueror. In behalf of the school
the Arco wishes to thank the team for what
it has done this season.

 

Arms AND IpEALs.—Our ideals may be di-
vided into three classes, high, low, and none
at all. It is not our purpose to discuss the
last two classes, merely saying that no one
can become great in any sense of the word
who has low aims. Our ideal should be so
high that we can never reach it. It is not the
attainment of an ideal, but the striving to
reach it that really counts. Our life should
be one continual struggle toward our ideal,
perhaps only vaguely comprehended, only
dimly seen, but none the less influencing our
whole life. Jesus Christ was the only man
who lived the ideal life, and although we can
never be like Him, yet we can ever become
more like Him.

Greatly begin!

Though thou have time for but a line, be that
sublime.

Not. failure but low aim is crime.

In our struggle toward the ideal there will
arise concrete cases where our principles and
character will have to bear a part. Let us
make it our aim in these always to do the
right and noble thing. Emerson says, “They
can who think they can,” and so let us make
our aim high, resolve to reach it, and in so
resolving, do it.

Tre TAKING oF Paps, PeNciLs, Erc.—It is
time that we call a halt to the practice of tak-
ing pads, pencils, and even books. There
have been numerous complaints lately, one
boy having lost four pads within a week.
Some persons remark that anyone is a fool to
THE ARGO

82

buy pads so often, that he ought to resort c
the same practice, that is, descend to the leve
of the other thieves who take these articles.
Mr. Scudder in speaking of this practice, said
recently that he could not find words, fit to be
used, which would express his contempt for
the persons who wilfully took other persons
property. Since then this robbery has de-
creased somewhat, but a few remarks at this

time can do no harm. Some persons are care.
less in regard to their own property, and they .

have no one to blame but themselves. By far
the majority of the losses, however, are due
to the causes stated above.

Trots.—The question of the advisability
of translations in preparatory schools has
been raised. It is fitting at this time to pre-
sent some views, because the practice is preva-
lent. In the mind of the writer the trot is a
damage to the young student of Latin and
Greck. If all he wants is the subject-matter,
why bother with the original at all? The man
who has to use a trot betrays lack of prepara-
tion and poor grounding in the fundamentals.
There is no royal road to First Latin or First
Greek. If the student masters these, he has
no more need of a translation than a sprinter
has of crutches. If you are obliged to use
one don’t take the Classical Course, for you
defeat the purpose of the course. Four con-
secutive years’ work on one subject is better
than one year’s work on each of four subjects.
That is the training purpose of Latin and
Greek in preparatory school. Take the Scien-
tific course, which all educators admit de-
mands less work for entrance to college.

The translation has effects similar to that
of cigarettes. It enslaves the will, enfeebles
the mind, puts the victim where he cannot
get along without it, does him no good, de-
stroys confidence in himself, and makes him
a second-rater at best. It is absurd to come

to class with a translation prepared like a_

parrot and be unable to tell subject from
predicate. The man who depends on a trot
doesn’t know his grammar, and the trot will

never teach him. He had better put his ener.
gies where they will yield some return,

We can divide into three classes those who
uve translations. First, the brilliant but lazy
fellows who easily passed their elementary
‘school work, and secured enlarged opinions
of themselves, and were even encouraged by
fond parents to think themselves smart. These
regularly make a flat failure of the first real
snag in school—First Latin. Our advice to
these is that they reduce their exalted opinion
and brace up. The second class prefer to
ride through preparatory school on Latin and
Greek ‘horses, rather than dig out the equiva-
lent in Math; namely, Advanced Algebra,
Solid and Trig. The third class are those
that cannot do anything well. The last two
might as well trot Latin and Greek as to
flunk Math.

The purpose of preparatory school educa-
tion is to train the mind to work and hot to
shirk. The use of the trot does the opposite.

The man. who comes to preparatory school
after he is twenty years old had better use the
trot and save time. When you get into col-
lege, research work in History and Political
Science demands so much time and furnishes
such good training for the mature mind that
the use of a translation to save time is not a
damage.~ But here in preparatory school,
where each lesson is definitely assigned and
requires only two hours at most for prepara-
tion, we can dispense with the pons asinorwm.

Certiricates—In the past it has been the
custom of this school to certificate into Rut-
gers College. This certificate was usually is-
sued on completion in class of the work cover-
ing the entrance requirements. The certifi-
cating privilege rested with the head master,
the student being required to maintain a cer-
tain standing in his college work. It was
found that this custom threw too much re-
sponsibility on the head master, and conse-
quently it has been changed. Although the
pupil receives a certificate, it is issued only
when he has passed final examinations cover-
THE

ing all the entrance requirements, These ex-
aminations are based directly on either the
New York Regents examinations or else those
of the College Entrance Board. They are
taken at the completion of a subject, and thus
do not force a student to harm himself in pre-
paring to take them all at once.

The Argo fully endorses this change, Tt
makes a pupil stand on his merit,and rightly
excludes the unfit from entrance to college,
It will force a pupil to give more attention to
his daily work, for knowing that we cannot
enter college without a thorough acquain-
tance with the entrance requirements, we nat-
urally will choose the easiest and surest way
of getting the necessary knowledge. Tt has
been said that examinations harm a student
physically, and that many students cannot
stand them. In conclusion we would say that
if we are not old enough to do away with such
reasoning we ought to be put in the lower
grades, nay even the kindergarten, of ele-
mentary school.

Exercises.—We have at last gotten an or-
der in our morning exercises. On Monday
and Thursday an orchestra accompanies us in
our singing; on Tuesday and Friday we learn
of current events, and on Wednesday we have
a summary of the interesting items in the
periodicals.

Our orchestra is composed of Mr. Fisher
with his fiddle, “Blondy” Low with his guitar,
Miss Scudder, Ziegler, Blanchard and Spar-.
row with mandolins, and Pingry with his
“base” voice. If Mr. Scudder would start
school on Monday and Thursday ten minutes
later we could have a couple of the out-of-
town boys such as Johnson and his fiddle.

WHAT THE DIFFERENT FELLOWS

THINK OF THE FRATERNITY
QUESTION. i.
There is a question before us now which
must be decided with careful thought and
consideration, for it is a question vital to the

ARGO

Weltare
itae of our school and students.
question

83
The

continue oo : ol
Schaal?! xist in Rutgers Preparatory
if ane exist for many reasons
i ae ea Wish them to be preserved.
eay a ae are indifferent or against
eee raternities be abolished, but

s ason why certain fellows should
be made to break up their organizations be-
catise some others have caught the fever
against fraternities. The fraternities start
friendships in Prep. School which shall con-
tinue throughout life, for they throw the fel-
lows together and they see much of each
other ; and in our school especially where there
are sO many commuters who, if it were not
for the fraternity meetings in the afternoon
would see nothing of the school but the class
room. In this way fraternities create an in-
terest in the school among those out of town.

The fraternities place on their members a
responsibility which is very beneficial to them.
And then what social features would there be
in our school without the fratrnity? They give
two dances which are looked forward to dur-
ing the year. Nothing else in this line is
done. They also give their members an op-
portunity to rule themselves.

Let us now turn to the arguments of the
opponents of fraternities. They assert that
fraternities originate and maintain cliques
among the fellows. But who ever saw a school
of eighty-five boys where certain groups
would go together? It is the right of every
school boy to pick his own friends.

They say that fraternities create partiality
and insure fraternity men’s election at the
polls. If this is true we admit something
should be done. But we ask our opponents
to prove their statement; until that is given we
are unconvinced. And at the same time do
we not have in our politics parties which run
in opposition to each other; and is our nation
going to rack and ruin? On the other hand
we believe that this competition is the best
4 THE ARGO

thing in the world, but of course the advan-
tage of numbers should not be used unwisely.

If the fraternities are detrimental to the
secondary school why should not they be the
same in college? But the fraternity is admit-
ted to be the most pleasing feature of college
life and there is no reason why they should not
be made the same in Prep. School. The Prep.
fraternity is in the same position as the col-
lege one was thirty years ago when opposition
ran high against them. For these reasons I
feel that the fraternities should continue to
exist in Rutgers Prep.

RaymonD Bovey Sears, Detta THETA.
—o— .

Resotvep, That fraternities should not ex-
ist in the preparatory schools.

The influence of Prep. school fraternities
has lately caused numerous discussions con-
cerning the advisability of tolerating them.
Many of the people interested in this question,
have arrived at the conclusion that such frater-
nities should be abolished, saying that they
exert an undesirable influence in a school.

This statement is, I believe, true. A school
resembles a small republic. Any organiza-
tion that divides the citizen body of this re-
public into conflicting political parties which

tend to harm its central interests, exerts an ~

undesirable influence.

The average Prep. school fraternity does
this very thing. To call it a political party is
to apply its most descriptive name. These
political parties tend to harm the central in-
terests of the school republic, for they weaken
the efficiency of the student organizations and
destroy the general school spirit.

They weaken the organizations because
they dominate elections. A neutral man has
a very poor chance against a fraternity for
even though he be better qualified for the of-
fice than his opponent, the members of a fra-
ternity are hound to support their candidate.
The largest fraternity has, of course, the
greatest power in an election. Perhaps there
is not one member of the fraternity who is

SSS

capabel of holding the position to be filled,
Nevertheless, the right man is defeated by
this large body of fraternity men, and an in-
competent fraternity man is elected. When
incompetent men fill the important offices of
an organization, that organization is, of course
weakened. This condition of weakness is
certainly deplorable, for it need not exist,
since there are competent men who would do
valuable and strengthening work in these of-
fices, if they were not downed by fraternities,

Fraternities do destroy the school spirit al-
so, by continually contesting with one another,
If they should be abolished, all the spirit
which had been divided among them would
be centralized in a strong school spirit. The
students would be drawn together in a strong
unified body. They would be interested in
working for their school, instead of working
for a cli or weak club, which does nothing
for the school.

For these reasons I believe that Prep.
school fraternities exert an undesirable in-
fluence in a school and should be abolished.

R. W. Turner, Delta Theta.
—o—

Fraternity is a word derived from the Latin |
“fraternitas,” meaning brotherhood. Broth-
erhood does not mean a political organization,
a boxing ring and a Roman amphitheatre and
gladiatorial show.

These fraternities are nothing but an in-
competent political organization in so far that
they do not always put up the best man for
any vacancy; they would not vote for an-
other candidate better than their own, and if
they believe that they will be defeated they
will plan and scheme almost any unworthy
method whereby they can secure an ill-begot-
ten end.

They are a boxing ring in so far that they
do not settle their differences in peaceable
conference, but the disputants set against each
other in the most unmanly and beastly fash-
ion, that of’ fighting like animals,

They are an amphitheatre and gladiatorial
THE

show in so far that they so make a man take
his life in his hands in order that he ‘may
join the undesirable organization. The mem-
pers stand around with staves and clubs ready
to beat a man and mar his appearance, or,
through some senseless ignorance administer
some all but fatal drug.

These are some of the evils of our frater-
nities as seen by anyone who cares to look into
the matter. They do not lift their members
to any better or higher social, literary or
moral standards. In fact, I have been unable
to find any redeeming feature in connection
with Rutgers Prep. fraternities. What, then,
is the use or value of these institutions?

There was at one time on this earth a
brotherhood composed of twelve men. The
aims of these men were as follows: First, the
betterment of spiritual life; secondly, they
strove for the betterment of every worthy
condition. I here quote two of their stand-
ards for attainment: Peter taught that all
should love the brotherhood; Paul that all
should be kindly affectionate, one toward an-
other. To-day this brotherhood has grown
to enormous proportions. When our frater-
nities shall adopt some standard resembling
these they will be worthy of existence.

Frank BLANCHARD.
—o—

The question whether fraternities should
exist in a preparatory school or not is as diffi-
cult as it is important. In this school they do
exist and have existed for a good many years.
Now the question arises, “What good have
they done the school in all these years?” But
this question is immediately offset by some
one asking, “What harm have they done?”
In my mind it seems that the good they have
done compares favorably with the harm. In

- the first place they create a good fellowship
between the members of a fraternity, and I
don’t see how this good fellowship could come
about otherwise. Many quarrels have been
averted because of this fellowship.

And there is no real enmity between the

A
RGO 85

frapamiatt
aternities. They each try to elect their

eat but this is only natural. If fra-
a les were eliminated there would still be
- same party feeling. The political par-
e of the United States cannot be eliminated,
for more reasons than one, and fraternities
in prep schools are very much like political
parties. And after all, is not the matter of
good fellowship in a school like this more im-
portant than the matter of putting a fellow
at the head of a team?

Puiuip Rirrer, Jr., Tau Phi.

 

ALUMNI NOTES.
99. Austin Scott is in the third year at the
Harvard Law School.

00. “Skebe” Gaston has at last joined the
Benedicts.

»

02. The engagement of Harold E. Green
and Miss Elizabeth M. Cuddeback of Port
Jervis, N. Y. has been announced. Miss
Cuddeback graduated from Vassar in 1906.
Mr. Green is in the Senior Class of the Theo-
logical Seminary of New Brunswick, N. J.

_’0o4. Stacy H. Opdyke is now in the Op-
dyke Construction Co. in New York. We
have seen “Ted” in town recently. .

’o5. Devan is on the Rutgers College De-
bating and Gym. teams.

’o5. Paul Matzke holds a responsible po-
sition in the New Jersey National Bank.

‘o5. Frank Phinney is home again from
the west. At present he is staying with his
parents at Germantown, Pa.

‘06. Thomas Allen is in the tobacco busi-
ness with his father in New York.

‘06. Joseph McDermott has been seen in
town recently.

Ex-’06. Cary Nicholas is with Johnson &
Johnson.

Ex-’o6. W. S. Nicholas is a second class-
man at Annapolis.

Ex-’o6. H. M. Price is with the American-
Asiatic Steamship Co. in New York.

Exo6. E. C. Scott is on the Targum
Board at Rutgers College.
86 THE

‘06. John H. Voorhees and Paterson ’07
are taking the Agricultural Course at Rut-
gers.

Ex-'07. James Hoe is in business in New
York.

08. Hewett E. Joyce of Yale attended the
fraternity dance on February 12.

‘08. Floyd B. Olcott was in town recently.

‘o&. Watson is playing guard on the fresh-
man basket-ball team at Rutgers.

Ex-’o9. Bissett is in business at his father’s
store.

Ex-’o9. Mitchell is in the belting business
with his father.

Ex-’o9. Rolfe has left school and gone
into business.

: renee

An Irishman was sitting in a depot smok-
ing when a woman came and sitting down
beside him, remarked: - :

“Sir, if you were a gentleman you would
not smoke here.”

“Mum,” he said, “if yez was a lady ye’d sit
farther away.”

Pretty soon the woman burst out again:

“If you were my husband I’d give you poi-
son.”

“Well, mum,” returned the Irishman, as he
puffed away at his pipe, “if yez was me wife
I'd take it.”

A gentleman from Galveston, on a visit to
New York, was introduced to’a certain mu-
sician.

“T, too, am a musician, in a way,” the man
from Galveston said. “My musical talent was
once the means of saving my life.”

“How was that?” he was asked.

“During the flood,” he replied, “my father
got on a bed and floated to safety.”

“And you?”

“T accompanied him on the piano.”

It’s seldom if ever
You see them together,
The time, the place and the girl—E.r.

   

ARGO

£/ PD : a
RUTGERS PREP. VS. BARRINGER
HS:

On Saturday, February 13, the Prep. bas-
ket-ball team was easily defeated by the fast
team of Barringer H. S.- of Newark, the
score being 50-25. Our fellows made a very
poor showing, having been up late at a dance
the night before, while the Newark boys
played a consistent game throughout.

We wish to congratulate our opponents on
the referee they brought. He allowed no fouls
to go unpunished and made the game a snappy
one. The contest was held in the Seminary
gymnasium and a number of spectators were
present, the fair sex being most prominent.

The game started at half-past ten, the vis-
itors shooting several baskets hefore our team
was able to make one. At the end of the first
half the score stood 37-12, During the sec-
ond half the opposing team simply passed’ the
ball among themselves and occasionally shot
a basket. The line-up was as follows:

Rutgers Prep—Elmendorf, f.; Searle, £.;
White, c.; Todd, g.; Ziegler, g.

Barringer H. S—Smith, £.; Speary, f.;
Bauman, c.; Tryer (Ceres), g.; Chandler, g.

Referee, Stillman. Umpire, R. A. Smith.

Time of halves, 15 and 15.

RUTGERS PREP. VS. PLAINFIELD
HE'S:

Prep. received its third consecutive defeat
Friday, February 19, at the hands of Plain-
field High School. The gym. in which the
game was played was rather small, but this,

 
THE ARGO

although it hindered our team, had nothing to
do with the result of the game, as our team
was clearly outclassed and outplayed in a clean
and fast game. No matter what kind of a
score the Rutgers Prep.-Plainfield games re-
sult in every one taking part enjoys them
thoroughly, for they are clean from start to
finish.

Plainfield started with a rush and ran up
a high score in the first half. In the second
half Prep. went to pieces and P. H. S. scored
at will even after subs were put in. The final
score was 66-18. The foul shooting of R. B.
Searle was the feature of the game, he shoot-
ing seven. The line-up was as follows:

Searle, r. f£.; Elmendorf, r. g.; White, c.;
Todd, 1. £.; Pingry (Knox), l. g.

Plainfield H. S—Morris (Clark), r. £;
Doane, r. g.; Lidgate, c.; Snyder, 1. £.; Prior,
l. g.

Points scored: Snyder 18, Morris 20,
Doane 16, Lidgate 12, Todd 9, Searle 7, El-
mendorf 2.

Umpire, Ziegler. Referee, Collier.

Time of halves, 20-20.

RUTGERS PREP. VS. PLAINFIELD
H. S:

On Friday afternoon, February 26, the
Plainfield High School team defeated our
school, team by the score of 46-30. The score
doesn’t come anywhere near approaching the
closeness of the game.

Plainfield started in with a rush and caged
a foul and two field goals before Prep. woke
up. Then Prep. got busy and caged two field
goals also. At one time Prep. School led by
the score of 11-9 and kept it until near‘ the end
of the half, The half ended with Plainfield
ahead by the score of 23-19.

Prep. did not play so well -in the second
half as in the first. Ziegler and White
changed places to quite an advantage for
Prep.

The features of the game were the foul
throwing by Doane of Plainfield and the all

87

ihe good playing by Todd and Ziegler.
ere must be commended for his good
iia Becdige he played against Plainfield’s
S man and held him down to one basket.
Hom and Prior played well for Plainfield,
as id Searle and Elmendorf for Prep. The
line-up was as follows:
: ae Prep.—Elmendorf, g.; R. B.
earle, g.; White (Ziegl 3 Zi
(White), £.; Todd, a ey

Plainfield H. S.—Doane, g.; Prior, g.;
Morris, c.; Snyder, f.; Clarke, £,

Umpire and Referee, R. A. Smith and Par-
sons,

Timekeepers, Wilcox and A. A. Prentiss.
Time of halvés, 20-20,

BASE-BALL SCHEDULE FOR 1909.

° April.

17. Saturday. Manual Training H. S. of
Brooklyn, at N. B.

21. Wednesday. Plainfield H. S. at N. B.

24. Saturday. Bordentown Military Acad-
emy, at Bordentown.

28. Wednesday. Pingry, at Elizabeth.

May.

1. Saturday.. Plainfield H. S. at Plainfield.
5. Wednesday. Holy Cross Club, at N. B.
8. Saturday. Seton Hall Prep. at South
Orange.
15. Saturday. Trenton State School, at
=? Na B:
19. Wednesday. Holy Cross Club, at Plain-
field.
22. Saturday. ?
29. Saturday. Trenton H. S. at Trenton.

June.

Saturday. Barringer H. S. of Newark,

at N. B.

12. Saturday.
kill.

Two or three games more will probably be

arranged before the season opens.
Here is your schedule. Get busy, base-ball

men!

wn

Peekskill Military, at Peeks-
 

 

“With his mighty
strength he broke the bull’s neck; and the bull
was amazed.”

J-s-n_ (translating) :

P-n-y: “Peat is young coal.”

W-l-d: “You take a charge of electricity
in your hand.” :

Who was Deacon Chamberlain walking
across the Landing Bridge with on Washing-
ton’s Birthday?

A little incident that occurred a few days
ago shows that the kids soon get wise to the
ways of father. A father was romping with
his six-year-old son when the latter fell down
and started a howl that could be heard several
squares away.

“Get up, Willie,” expostulated the father.
“You musn’t cry like a baby. You know that
if I fell down.I wouldn’t cry. I would merely
say—”

“Yes, I know what you would say, papa,”
sobbingly interjected the youngster; “but I
go to Sunday School and you don’t.”

Prof. S-h (in French): “Write the im-

perative tense.”

Boys, “Chubby” Koehler is taking dancing
lessons.

We hear rumors of little Harry flirting in
English. Harry, this must be stopped!

Dentists always look down in the mouth.

ARGO

Our fickle friend Mr. Prentiss has maak
more lost his heart. Rare happening! ( ?)

“Dig” is plucking up courage and has been
making friends with the girls

In a composition on Launcelot written by

i Bob Voorhees we read the following startling

statement: “Launcelot lived the last portion
of his life as a holy man in a restaurant,”

Poetry is catching. A playwright recently
told a story of rehearsing “Twelfth Night”
for an open-air performance, in a garden
which was overlooked by a rising brick edi-
fice. As the amateurs recited their lines, the
workmen continued their labors,

One afternoon, during a silent pause in the
rehearsal, a voice was heard from the build-
ing operation saying gravely: ;

“I prithee, malapert, pass me yonder brick.”

School will close Friday, April 2, at one
o'clock, and will open on Monday, April 12,
at 8.30.

Teacher: “What is the meaning of the
phrase, ‘ a well-read man’?”
Bright Scholar: “A healthy Indian.”

Teddy: “Pa, did de Indians used ter carry
keys around wid ’em ter open der scalp-
locks ?”

Judge: “Officer, this woman at the bar de-
clares that you first tried to coax her to
marry you, and then you arrested her.”

Officer: “Oi did, sir.”

Judge: “What's the charge?”

Officer: “Resistin’ an officer.”

A fruit cake which weighed just a Ib.
Came to me as they passed it arb.

I accepted an oz.

And to see if ’twould boz.
Threw it down, It returned on rebb.
THE ARGO

‘tis said that Ben Franklin had a keen
gense of humor.
Yes; but John Greenleaf was Whittier,

There ain’t no use in grammar,
Said little Johnny Jay ;
It never learns you nothin’,
No matter what they say.
Of course them little dago boys
Is different; but, gee!
There ain’t no sense in learnin’ plain
United States to me,

Gerald: “They say that a man becomes
what he eats.”

Geraldine: “You ought to try stale bread
for a while.”

“Paw,” asked a Kansas lad, wrinkling his
prow. ‘“what’s a pessimist ?”

“A pessimist, John J.” replied his father,
“ig a man who, after a cyclone has blown his
house away with him in it, goes back and
grumbles at his lot.”

The child who cried for an hour didn’t
get it.

Sulphur springs are the best places for
match-making.

Moisture makes things grow; even um-
brellas are raised in the rain.

“Well, my son, would you like to. be in
Washington at the Inauguration?” :
“No, pa, not while Jeffries is in New York.”

Congratulations, Harry. We expect many
good stories to be handed in by you now.

By an oversight the names of the men al-
lowed to wear their R. P. for foot-ball were
not printed in the Arco. We hereby rectify
our fault and print the names: Bissett, Con-
ger, Elmendorf, Folensbee, Iredell, Keim,
Koehler, Low, Morrison, Todd, Turner,
White, and Ziegler.

89
ee ag that the Searles, the Voorhees,
name all ™ortison (we will not endeavor to
og i" ) should start a Fussers’ Club, even

icy cannot get two most desirable men
M. Ross and H., ,

I", Smith 7
fussers, , the confirmed non

Wonder of wonders!
head has received honor
bearers were Prof. Smit

The beautiful horse’s
able burial. The pall
h and Willard.

The school building was tastily decorated

during the week of Washington’s Birthday
with flags and emblems,

Who were the two upper classmen who in-

tended to go to the inauguration and got
stranded in Baltimore?

One of the Seniors received a postal from
Washington saying, “Funny, but I have seen
nothing of your friend Bryan here.” Who
is the poor, insignificant democrat?

The odor of snuff has been smelt around.
Ca-choo,

Rumor is about that the foot-ball schedule
is nearly out. First game is with Boys’ High

at Brooklyn. Remember this year’s score and
last year’s, and win!

The H. N. have had a couple of contests
with some of the fellows as practice games for
their contest with the O. E,

Mr. L-s (on Inauguration day): “Ross,
why do you look so happy? I thought you
were a Democrat.”

R-s: “I am happy because four years from
to-day Bryan will be President.”

The Tau Phi and Beta Phi dance was a
“corker.”

“T was asleep when I fell’ overboard.”

“You look wide enough awake now. Ha!
ha! ha!”

“Yes, I fell in the wake.”
THE ARGO

90
lay 18
j ses that a P
paar from fair soure mG
- ae given. It is termed 1 he Losi
going ° : s composed of six acts,
Inheritance,

"and i
ience.

curtain and an (?) audience a

Miles actually forgot his gum the othe ye

i d
who is an :
nade three engagements for one night an
md

r ‘phoned or let them know whether he

ove :

- ming or not. That's awful careless
5

One gallant Senior,

was CO
work, Bobby.

Did you see White with four girls at the
Plainfield game? He said they were his

cousins, but that game doesn’t work.

Three cheers for the track team!

Would it not be a wise plan to have better
cheering at our games?

OUR GUN CLUB.

The Gun Club went out on a HUNT to get
some practice in shooting. They shot a num-
ber of SPARROWS and a RAVEN, but this
was considered spORT ONly for kids, so they
looked around for big game: iN A Trampled
field they discovered a cow. “WATTS this
lone STIER doing here?” asked one. “Let’s
ride her.” “We must catch her first,” said
another. “WRIGHT you age,” they said,
and sLOWly they approached their prey.
Conger tripped over a HOE and Janeway hit
the cow with a stick. These KNOX made
the animal SEARLEy and cROSS and away
she ran; but not for LONG. They saw her
TURN ERound and paw the ‘ground. She
rushed at de la Torre who turned WHITE,
but being STRONG as a blackSMITH from
DALY exercise and fearless as a lion he
awaiTED the charge. Watson raised his gun.
PING! RYking in blood the cow fell. De la
Torre cried, “Well DUN,” HAMmering the
hero on the back ‘as he spoke. Just then
farmer JOHNS ON his horse appeared upon
the scene and they all ran till they could
barely TODDle, but all reached home safely
and told their adventure as it iS EAR Stated,

awful fusser,

 

The Arco thanks the followin
their exchanges :

Acadamedian (Cordell Academy
Diurna, Academy Journal, Briar Cl

s Papers for

), Acta

tator, Commerce Caravel, Cate ne
: igh

Monthly, Echo, E. O. H. S. News, Erasm;
Farnum Tatler, George School Ides te :
School Recorder, High School Register, i
School Voice, Hackettstonian, Irvonian ee
lolian, Mirror (W. H. H. S.), Moheganis,
M. V. H. S. Oracle, M. A. S. Monthly Ont
Poly Prep. Magazine, Polytechnic, Potting
Red and Blue, Searchlight, Spectator, er
side, Tattler (Bridgeport Y. M. C. A.), Te.
gum (2), Valkyrie, Vox Studentis,
The criticisms given in our Paper are al.
ways made with good humor and with no
thought of injuring the feelings of the eq.
itors of other papers. In fact, we give
them with the desire that other papers
reciprocate. This has been done by a
number of papers, but many others have not
criticized us at all. And another thing we find

out, and that is, many papers to whom our

magazine has been sent several times do not
send us their paper. Whether it is oversight
or not we do not know, but it should be at-
tended to at once. Many papers criticizing
us say “More stories wotld improve your
paper,” or “Fewer editorials are advisable.”
But we feel that one can read the same class
of stories which are published in school papers
in the cheap magazines of to-day, and that
good, strong, helpful editorials are impossible
to find: We are not rich by any means, and
THE ARGO

so we have to choose between stories and edi-
torials, and we find editorials the more desir-
able. In our criticisms this month we are
working with Mr. Lincoln’s famous words,
“With malice toward none and charity to-
ward all,” in our minds.

We welcome the Acadamedian from Cor-
dell Academy. :

The Academy Journal is of the same stand-
ard as usual.

The Acta Diurna is to be complimented on
its fine stories.

An exchange column is needed in the Briar
Cliff Spectator.

The stories in the Caravel are excellent,

We are glad to receive the Curtis High
School Monthly. It is a good paper.

The East Orange News needs a longer ex-
change column.

The Erasmian is very good this month,

The Farnum Tatler seems to be having a
great deal of trouble. We hope it succeeds in
getting the students to aid it.

The Ides is in need of a better exchange
column.

The Recorder is good as usual.

We do not like the change inthe H. S.
Register. Go back to your old cover.

The Voice is improving.

The Hackettstonian, Irvonian and Leolo-
lian need better exchange columns.

The Mirror improves with every issue. Its
one fault is that it is a trifle ungainly.

The Moheganite is a good paper. We ad-
vise a better exchange column.

The students of Mount Vernon H. S. have
a right to be proud of their paper, the Oracle.

We are very glad to see the steady im-
provement in the M. A. S. Monthly, as we
(at least most of our school) feel a great deal
of interest in the students who run the said
paper. We advise one serious subject to be
in the paper besides the. editors’ names. We
notice that several of your best stories are

OL

Written by one not on the

not an editor?
The Owl needs an exch
Crwise it is a first
The Poly P

board.

Why is she

ange column, Oth-
class paper,

Tep is excellent as usual,
Polytechnic is a very good paper,
from a scientific point of view,
inclined that Way and find it unint

taking it
We are not
eresting.
tlds gieper 1 n the Argo ts most inartistic. If
i ‘Spent more time on the inside of

© paper instead of experimenting with the
outside it would be better off.” We feel that
this applies more to the Postern than to our-
selves. Don’t get angry, girls. You have a
very pretty cover, but there is absolutely noth-
ing worth reading in your magazine except
the Alumni Notes. Brace up! We expected
better things from you.

The exchange column of the Red and Blue
is the finest we have received this year. Com-
pare their criticism of the Argo with that of
the Postern. ,

We are glad to receive the Searchlight.

The Spectator is excellent,

The Sunnyside needs a larger exchange col-
umn,

The Targum (Rutgers College) is horribly
dry.

The Valkyrie is as foolish as ever. It is
probably the poorest paper we receive, and
the reason is obvious. Instead of a half dozen
short and poor stories get one or two good
long ones and you will begin to improve.
Get some good editorials and” you will con-
tinue to improve. Change your cover and cut
out your gossipy school notes. If you cannot
find or write good ones leave them out alto-
gether. They hurt your paper and your
school.

The Vox Studentis is the surprise of the
month. In its new cover it presents an excel-
lent appearance and its interior is full of good
stories and poetry. Keep it up, Union City,
you are becoming a star exchange,
THE ARGO

92
A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be found at

BRUNS

’Phone 310-J. 71 CHURCH ST.

SCHUSSLER’S, Ses:

Parties, Dinners and Receptions served in
; the best manner.

BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100.

GO TO

ARCHABR’S

For Good Shoes.
17 PEACE STREET.

The Landsberg Store,

1, 2, 3 and 4 KING BLOCK.

MEN'S FURNISHINGS,

 

 

 

 

JOHN P. WALL
High Grade Tailoring

 

 

 

N5
Church St

New Brunswick,
N. J.

—_—_—_—_—_
-

Special
Discount

to Students

 

Raincoats,

 

 

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are

studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

JACOB REEDS SONS,

Fall and Winter Suits,
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $35

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters,

1424-1426 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

$12 to $40.

$15 to $35

JACOB REED’S SONS,

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THe Arco.
THE ARGO

Bissett's Drug Store

420 George Street.

 

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WHEN IN NEED of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Pow-
der, Soap, Combs, Brushes,
Soda and Milk Shakes

 

HARVEY IREDELL, D.D.S.
Church St., Cor. Neilson.
National Bank of New Jersey Building.
Anesthetics Administered.

 

Go to

Seiffert Bros.

For Stationery, Books, Photo and Sporting
Goods,

50 DENNIS STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,

68 and 70 Albany Street.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO,

 
THE ARGO

 

Tre BOYS ENJOY THEIR SCHOOL NOMB,
IN THIS DORMITORY IT 1S ALSO THE HeroMpsrests
RESIORNCBR, AND MOST OF THE FACULTY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS
: 143d Year

A high grade college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rutgers College, and therefore
enjoying unusual advantages.

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY.

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school h i
mediate supervision of the headmaster. Excellent table. pane Gender ‘the tn)
Interesting social and athletic life. Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball, Military drill,

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL.

In the Elementary School girls as well as boys are received. Boys of all : ae

nae ay pee either a eT papils or boarders. y ages received in either
.—At the House.—The regular terms at the House are $450 a year i

rated at $400. Boys have individual beds. Rooms are heated by tan Chg Puplie For ay cae
the following rates, per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Department, each grade $0.00. Intermedi-
ate Department.—Fourth and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00. Academic De-
partment.—First Form, $16.00; Second Form, $18.00; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form $24.00.

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York, “Partita
naturally want to patronize an easily accessible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emerg-
ency the son is in quick touch with the home. Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.
