 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

JUNE, 1909
Vol. XX No. 8
 

THE ARGO

Rutgers College = and Rutgers Scientific Sc! ool

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough |

and by a revision and enlargement’ of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

 

unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the
oa : ao : is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, and the Mechanic Arts.
: 2 In this Department there are cight full courses

i a she athematic y $s, cach
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc. ach

History, Political Science, Philosophy, 1. A Course in Agriculture.

P : . 2. A Course in Civil Engineering.
Physics, Chemistry and Biology. 3. A Course in Chemistry.

  

4. A Course in Electricity,
5. A Course in Bi
6.
7.

 

A Course in Clay orking and Ceramics.
A Course in Mechanical Engineering.
8. A*Course in General Science.

anda ener course of two years in Ceramics which does
th oti réate’ requirements‘in | 20t, lead to a degree. ios

On the completion of the full four years redujremen : "For catalogues-and other information, address IRVING 8
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted or UPSON, Registrar.

Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt. W. H. $. DEMAREST, D.D., President.

J. HEIDINGSFELD,

No. 42 Albany Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

B. U. TAPKEN, JEWELER

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.
111-113 CHURCH ST. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives
the degree of A.B.

 

 

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums » Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains. 7h
SUITS and JACKETS tii chiaven's: stckot DRESS GOODS and SILKS |
In all the latest weaves and colorings. i
p a YOUNG DRY (oops G CORNER OF GEORGE
<m)ie + AND PATERSON STS.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ‘Arco.

 

Ee
THE ARGO

PAUL F. WILLIAMS, P GROCER
O84 George St. H ID, oe Beit

Phone 877. ne Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

Established 76 years,

——STEWART & CLAYTON——

Sole Agents

’
Youngs and Traly Warner Hats
Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

NiPTY I SS

 

Young Men

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.
Basket-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

QO. 0. STILLMAN, a
Jeweler and Optician.

DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. _
SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER. Studio:

CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS. é
138 ALBANY STREET. 355 George Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

Photographer,

 

 

 

S. ZIMMERMAN, E. VOLKERT,
Barber. Merehant « Tailor,
Also Birds and Fishes. 359 GEORGE. STREET,
881 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
118 THE ARGO

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOKSTORE

 

AC

 

 

 

W. BR.

 

ED,

School, Office and General Stationery Supplies of Every Description.

380 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

WILLIAM GAUB,

DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF

Meats «= Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

Outing
TPOUSBPS

In a large variety

 

W. K.
Grater

Church St.

 

 

 

 

RANDOLPH
Foto-grater.

 

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

Phone 224-w.

 

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.
College Snaps.

We Make a Special Little Picture.

 

CALL AND SEE US.

 

Rensselaer %, \
gePolytechnic’, %
Ha, Institute,

“"“ Troy, N.Y.

Local examinations provided for. Sen: Yo. acatalogue,

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised

in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
 

“YE

Vou. XX. New

Lie AN
Lin

   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

    

 

THE G— ST. DIA

it was a bright, brisk
made every one feel liv
people ot New York
G—- street was grea

seemed to be some u

li at that momen

a large and famou

ner of teenth

a well-dressed 1

 

2 humpbacked, wi
x rather forbiddir
the door, carr
talking excite
policeman wi
another per
pacify the |
was no 0}
was this.
An un
the hanc
stone, \
admire
o'clock

 

cane
was
T
of
th:
hi

 
 

RELAY TEAM

 
 

 

 

 

 

THE G— ST. DIAMOND ROBBERY.

It was a bright, brisk March day; a day that
made every one feel lively ; a day that made the
people of New York feel gay. The crowd on
G-- street was greater than usual and there
seemed to be some unusual excitement.

If at that moment a bystander had looked at
a large and famous jewelry house at the cor-
ner of teenth street he would have seen
a well-dressed man of about fifty, slightly
humpbacked, with large gold glasses and a
rather forbidding appearance, coming out of
the door, carrying a gold-headed cane and
talking excitedly. Behind him came a big
policeman with a handcuffed young man, and
another person who was doing his best to
pacify the irate old man, What the trouble
was no one knew; but what had happened
was this.

An unusually large diamond had come into
the hands of this jewelry house, a beautiful
stone, which cost a fortune. Many people had
admired it during the day, and just before five
o'clock the gentleman with the gold-headed
cane came in and asked to see the gem, which
was brought out to him on a tray.

Taking out a case he took out another pair
of gold spectacles, placed those he had on in
the case and returned it to his pocket. Next
he drew out a box of Chiclets, opened it, took

 

New Brunswick, N. J., JUNE, 1909.

THE ARGO.

No. &.

one, closed up the box, replaced it, and said, as
if to himself, “A most magnificent gem, a
most magnificent one.”

“Yes, sir,” remarked the clerk, who seemed
uneasy. Another man of a rather nice appear-
ance was impatiently waiting for some one to
serve him, yet the clerk did not wish to leave
the diamond alone while he waited on the
newcomer, and neither did he wish to hasten
a likely customer. Nor was the latter in any
hurry, for he examined and admired the stone
as it lay in the tray, without any sign of haste
and with the utmost deliberation.

The clerk, seeing this, turned toward the
new-comer, who was looking at a tray of
rings, and remarked, “Would you like to see
that tray, sir?”

“Yes,” he answered.

“Tf you will step this way, please,” requested
the clerk, who, while taking out the required
tray was also watching the diamond. He
placed the ring tray next to the diamond, and
the newcomer examined them closely. He
picked out one set with an exquisite opal, laid
it on the counter, drew out a small box from
his pocket, took out a ring set with a beautiful
pearl and two fine diamonds, and asked if they
would consider an exchange, and if so on
what terms.

The clerk picked up the two rings, compared
them, and turning toward the rear of the store
called, “Mr. Feelan.”

The man in question came out and after a
few words of explanation disappeared with
the two rings. ;

“Le me see these watches, clerk,” command-
ed the old man with the gold-headed cane, who
had meanwhile wandered along the glass cases
to one containing watches.

“In a minute, sir,” was the reply. The

 

 
120 | THE

clerk returned with’ the rings, stating that no
terms could be given now and requesting the
man to return later. With these words he
handed back the ring to its owner, who quick-
ly left the store.

“Clerk!” again exclaimed the old man.

“Yes, sir,” answered the clerk, as he quickly
put the tray of rings in place, and seizing the
one with the diamond he was about to put it
away also when he noticed that there was a
peculiar look ‘about it. He picked up the gem
when— Was it true? Could it be possible?
Only an imitation! He let fall an exclama-
tion, almost a shriek, which caused Mr. L—,
the old gentleman, to look up and ask what
the’ trouble was.

“Tt is gone! It is gone!” moaned the poor
clerk.

“What ?
L—.

“The stone, fool! and you, you took it,
you!” shrieked the clerk, who ran from be-
hind the counter and grabbed Mr. L— by the

What is gone?” questioned Mr.

throat.
The old man staggered back with a cry

which brought up the store detectives and the
rest of the clerks. When the story of the lost
stone was told a policeman was called who
started to take his prisoner to the station, but
his captive said, “Search me, you ruffians;
strip me, brigands; if you find anything on me
that is not lawfully mine, may I suffer the tor-
ments—”

“Agreed,” interrupted the store detectives,
who took the now angry prisoner to the back
of the store, where he was thoroughly searched.
But nothing could be found, though they even
examined the gum he was chewing and took
the gold head off the cane. They searched his
watch, his purse, even the box of Chiclets
which was nearly full, and of these they broke
open two or three, but to no avail.

As Mr. L— was denouncing the indignity
the unlucky clerk bethought himself of the
other man, The policeman had seen him take

ARGO

an M— street car and instantly a MOtor-cye},
cop was sent after it.

Just as he reached it the car stopped ang
the man of whom he was in search Stepped
off, He was instantly arrested and taken to
the jewelry shop, which was reached just ag
the old gentleman had readjusted his clothing,
They searched their second prisoner and foung
a beautiful ruby ring which the clerk Fecog.
nized. He went to his tray of rings and founq
that a paste imitation had been substituteg,
They could not find the lost diamond, but they
handcuffed the thief, as they now believed him
to be.

Mr. L— sarcastically asked if “the gentle.
men” would detain him any longer. The de-
tectives apologized, but the now thoroughly
enraged man left the store in the mood seen
by the crowd.

The trial came off a month later. The con-
ductor of the car, the clerk, the detectives and
the policeman were among the witnesses. The
conductor said he had seen the thief talk with
a man ina white flannel suit. He remembered
well the face, a repulsive one with a grizzly
red beard, a hooked nose, and an ugly scar
from one ear to the mouth, because he watched
him, as did most of the passengers, on accouni
of the oddity of his dress at that time of the
year, and saw him get off two blocks below
where his friend the thief had gotten on.

“Did you see anything pass between the
two?” queried the prosecuting attorney,

“Yes, sir. It was a small blue box,” an-
swered the witness. ;

The prisoner admitted all this, but said it
was the ring he wished to exchange that was
in the box.

“Why did you give him your ring?” he was
asked.

“It was not mine, it was his. I was to ex-
change it for him. He knows nothing of my
taking the ring.”

He was asked the address of his friend and
gave it, but added that the man had sailed for
Africa to try his luck in the diamond mines.
 

 

THE

The prisoner was found guilty of stealing

the ruby, and the circumstantial evidence be-
ing so strong of his being at least an accom-
plice in the theft of the diamond, he was sen-
tenced to a term of fifteen years. But where
the diamond went to no one knew until four
years afterward.
The scene shifts three years later to the
Transvaal and to a hut built on a hill over-
looking a diamond mine. A man in corduroy
trousers, a blue shirt, and wearing a pair of
gold glasses, was seated on a box, reading.
As another man came up the road he got up,
and it was seen he was slightly hunchbacked.
It was indeed our friend Mr. L—.

The new-comer was dressed in much the
same way, had a repulsive face with a grizzly
red beard, a hooked nose, and an ugly scar
reaching from ear to mouth. He greeted Mr.
1.— and asked if he would like to buy a rough
diamond. Mr. L—, with a perfectly calm
countenance, asked to see the diamond, but
asked nothing as to its source. It proved to
be of good size, the price demanded was very
reasonable, and Mr. L— bought it.

One evening about eight o’clock a month
later, the buyer of a large jewelry house in
New York, in fact the house that had lost the
diamond, and who was then at Paris in the
Hotel Pavilion, received a visitor. The
stranger appeared to be a miner who was in
his best clothes, although a shave and a hair-
cut would have helped his appearance. He
drew out an elegant diamond with a slip of
paper and handed both to the buyer. The
buyer examined the diamond, then the p:ece
of paper, which proved to be the certificate of
an Amsterdam diamond cutter that he had cut
an unusually fine gem on such and such a day,
but without describing the stone in detail. The
diamond was indeed a fine gem, and after
much bartering it was purchased, paid for, and
the man left.

We will follow this man for a while.. When
he reached the entrance he was handed a suit

ARGO 131

case by the Concierge. Slipping a coin into
the man’s hand he went out and took a cab to
the railroad station. He paid the driver well,
went to the ticket window and had a first-class
compartment on the express train for Mar-
seilles reserved.

At nine o'clock our friend, now freshly
shaved, boarded the train, tipped the con-
ductor, entered his compartment, closed the
door, locked it, pulled down the shades and
disappeared from view.

The cars in France are made up of com-
partments with an aisle running down the side.
The first-class compartments are rarely filled,
as “only Americans and fools use them.” If
the conductor is given a coin or two he will
leave the inmate alone and allow no one to
bother him the entire way.

At Marseilles the express stopped and the
conductor knocked at the compartment. In-
stantly the door opened, and who should step
out but our friend Mr. L— with his suit case.

We are again in New York ten days later.
The buyer has entered the jewelry house and
is showing the owner his purchases. He was
particularly pleased with a big diamond that
he had bought from a miner in Paris. The
jeweler examined the stone, set it down,
picked it up again, examined it more closely,

. and finally called in two of his clerks. They

all recognized the lost diamond, which they
had now purchased a second time.

Of course all know who the real culprit was,
but how the diamond was obtained may not
be known. It will be remembered that the
clerk turned for only one instant to the new
customer and asked what he wanted, but Mr.
IL— had seen his chance. Quick as thought he
took the gem, replacing it with an imitation.
He then wandered along the counter, took out
a prepared box in the form of a Chiclet into
which he slipped the gem, being careful to
stuff the case so the diamond could not rattle.

When the clerk turned to call Mr. Feelan
the other thief changed the rings. The latter

 
THE ARGO

128

. was caught by accident, but the former es-
caped. In Amsterdam Mr. L— had the rough
diamond which he purchased in Africa cut
and received a certificate which he used with
the other diamond. ‘ 2

The friends of the thief sent in a petition,
and it being proved that he had nothing to do
with the stealing of the diamond his sentence
was commuted to a much shorter term.

—H. F. S.

 

THE SINGING GHOST.

There always was a superstition about the
old place. Almost every old house will fur-
nish a good story or two for the minds of the
neighbor's children—especially if it possesses
a dark room and a mysterious cave with a
sixty foot well dug in the floor, as my uncle’s
did. The fact that the cave was innocently
dug for the purpose of keeping dairy products
cool did not figure in the minds of those
who liked to tell a good story.

When I was a boy I used to visit the old
farm every summer, and many a happy day

I had spent following the plow and picking *

up Indian arrow heads in the fresh soil. I re-
member how important I felt when one day
I picked up a queer shaped stone which every
one said must have been the battle-axe of an
Indian chief. But this has nothing to do with
my story.

Since my aunt died and I grew up, the old
place somehow did not have the same attrac-
tion for me, and my visits were less frequent.

Last fall, however, I decided to renew old
acquaintances—and immediately set ‘out for
my uncle’s. After riding all day it felt good
to get off the train and stretch my legs once

again on that familiar old plank road which *

led to my uncle’s house.
walked that lonely mile!

Everything looked the same as usual. There
was the old mill which had been owned by my
great great grandfather and his children after

How often I had

him, and up on the hill I could see faintly the
outline of the huge maples that I knew shel.
tered the old farm house.

It was very dark and foggy and the roaqg
were bad, but I picked my way into the lonely
lane as I had done hundreds of times, jump-
ing the places that I knew were muddy and
crawling through the big white-washed gate
from force of habit.

As I came nearer I could make out a dim
light in the tumble-down outside kitchen, ang
could hear the dog barking.

The door was opened, and the dog rushed
out.

“What yer got, ‘Nell’? Is that ol’ dog
friend of yourn around agin to-night?” my
uncle called after her.

“Well, of all people, where in thunder did
you come from?” he said, as “Nell” and I
rounded the corner of the house.

“I’m doggoned if I knew yer at first, yer
grown so. Why didn’t yer tell a person you
were goin’ to pop in on ‘em, Had yer sup-
per?”

I assured him I had.

“That's good. I just this minute cleared up
the dishes. How are you anyhow?”

We went inside and my uncle continued
his work at the old stone sink. He was par-
ing potatoes for the next day.

After I had downed a dipper full of the
best water in the world, which always stood
in a bucket near the kitchen door, I felt more
like talking, and so we talked for a long time,
until I had to call a halt or see every potato
in sight loose its jacket, for Uncle Nat was
so taken up with the conversation that he had
lost all count, and would have pared until
midnight if I had kept on talking.

But I must go on with my story.

You see my uncle had lived all alone since
my aunt’s death, except for his brother, who
came up from his mill three times a day for
his meals, and then returned to the mill to
sleep.
EaRiva Res

 

et

 

 

THE

Before we went into the sitting room the
old man went outside and closed the heavy
wooden blinds, The wind had risen some
and it was beginning to rain, It certainly was
a nasty night. The guinea hens were flying
from their roost in the walnut trees to a dryer
sleeping place in the shed,

“B’ the way them dago hens is acting [
wouldn’t be surprised if we had plenty of bad
weather to-night,” said my uncle, as he came
in the sitting room and took down the an-
cient looking glass which he regularly con-
sulted every other night, with a razor equally
as antique,

I watched him shave, as I had often done—
watched him twist his face into the shape that
best fitted the wavy old mirror’s reflection,
and made up my mind that the first thing I
would do when I reached the civilized world
would be to send him a shaving glass.

I pitied so much the condition of his bar-
ber-shop that I offered him the use of my
safety razor and proceeded to give him les-
sons in operating it.

But he would have none of it. “No new
fangled razors for me,” and he went back to
his own, and finished with a triumphant flour-
ish.

We pulled our chairs up before the fire-
place, piled on some hickory, and sat and talk-
ed and chatted like a couple of old women.

The noise of the wind in the old chimney
and the roar of the fire made things sound
pretty wild, and our talk seemed to drift to
subjects quite as fearful.

Uncle Nat got down his old corn-cob from
the mantle.

“Remember how old Lydia used to sit, just
as you're sitting now, smoking and rocking
back and forth,” he said, as he pulled his pipe.

“There’s her old clay pipe on the shelf yit.
Nobody's ever touched it! And blamed if
there ain’t some tobacco along with it,” he
declared on further investigation.

Lydia was an old aunt of his who had one

ARGO 123

day hobbled out to the barn yard when every
cne was in the field and there she had met
her death under the feet of a young steer.

Well, the conversation went from bad to
worse. Although very interesting in the day
time, the history of some of my dead rela-
tions sounded pretty wierd at such a time, and
when the big clock in the corner tolled a late
hour, I was ready to turn in and forget an-
cient history with the help of a feather bed,
which I knew waited for me.

So we locked everything tight, gave “Nell”
a good-night pat and climbed the shaky old
stairs to the room above, my uncle first with
the lantern and alarm clock, and our shadows
wobbling up after us. .

The old room looked the same as usual.
There stood the two four-posters as they had
always stood, one on either side, and there
was the yellow picture of General Washing-
ton parading the streets with a charger under
him, and bushels of roses thrown by pretty
lasses, under the charger.

There was something new, however. Some-
thing that resembled a telephone had taken the
place of a time-honored calendar. It was a
‘phone, sure enough!

“Your Uncle Frank made it,” explained my
uncle, “so that I can ring him up in the morn-
ing and at meal times. Hi Guy! it’s a great
thing now, ain't it! All yer have to do is to
turn that little handle and in fifteen minutes
he’s here for breakfast. It ain’t working now.
Frank says the wire’s grounded somewheres
down yonder in the lane,” he concluded, as he
set the smoky lantern down outside in the
hall,

Once in bed my uncle talked little. I was
thoroughly disgusted when the climax of one
of my best stories was capped by a snore from
the other side of the room.

How long I lay there listening to the rain
sweep over the old roof I do not know.

It seemed that I would never get asleep.
The wind blew harder with every puff of rain,

 

ONE

vw

“Yew

 
THE ARGO

124

r in sofhe

ang of a shutte
wher to the

the big house kept tune

of the windows.
ast—but it seemed

awakened by

and the freque
remote part of

constant rattle
] must have dozed off at |

as though I were immediately ——
the bark of the dog downstairs. I was ¢
scious of a queer sound which seemed to oan
from every direction—a sort of a shrill eid
ing—only like nothing I have ever hear: ;
fore. Now high, now low, it vibrate
through the big house. It was not loud, only

a penetrating buzz.

I sat up in bed and tried to pierce the dark-

ness.
My uncle was snoring peacefully.

I listened !
The noise
hail against the windows.

tried to determine the dir
One minute it seemed within the very room,

and the next far away. It was a continuous
moan and seemed to grow louder and louder.

My unele still slept soundly, and I hated to
wake him. Perhaps it was only a train whistle
on the “cut-off,” or I was dreaming.

I heard “Nell” trotting around on the oil-
cloth downstairs, back and forth and whining
as though she wanted to get out. The sound
grew intense and the dog sent a howl echoeing
through the old house that made the chills
creep up and down my back.

My uncle was wide awake immediatély.
The moaning

continued, The rain rattled like
I sat up in bed and

ection of the sound.

“Listen,” I whispered.
sound had reached a high note and
seemed to cling to it. Then it slowly

died down only to rise again the next moment.
Tt seemed now to come from every joist in
the room. : :

Uncle Nat said never a word, but softly
got out of bed and reached for an old gun
near by.

Trembling in every limb, I carefully slid
over the wooden pegs on the side of my bed,
and followed him. He handed me the lantern,
and led the way down the creaky stairs to the
room below.

I never saw a dog as tickled to seis
before in all my life. any te

We went from room to room, ri
with his rusty old gun cocked jn front
while I followed with the lantern held
above me.

The dog followed too, and it seemed
that the peculiar sound did likewise,” Me
appeared to be in every room, Or j

We discovered nothing but severaj is
the old roof, and finally went back = in
where we lay awake until! daylight, © beg

With the first streaks of day the
ceased and I went to sleep.

About seven o'clock I descended for br
fast with my suitcase in one hand and
overcoat on the other arm, fully resolved
take the first train for the city, ang fore
believe in haunted houses but never : v
to invade them.

My Uncle Frank was already eating .
breakfast. “Here’s another one who q cs is
know the difference between the racket i
ghost and the noise of a grounded telephone
wire in the wind,” he said. c

I looked at Uncle Nat. He was doubled
with laughter.

“It’s a wonder you wouldn’t learn how to
rig up a ’phone so it wouldn’t sing all nigit
and scare a fellow most to death,” I saiq a
I threw my suitcase in the corner and decided
to stay a week.

Une
f} =

Tim

1
high,

NOise

ak.
my
to
er
Sain

R. W. IRevELL, ’o9,

The goat he ate a rubber shoe,
And softly did he hum,

“Boys, I am doing nothing new,
I’m simply chewing gum.”

There was a fisherman polite
Whose manners were so fine,
Whene’er he went to catch a fish,

He'd drop him first a line,
 

 

 

 

 

 

ARGO BOARD
 

THE ARGO

 

THE ARGO.

hed Monthly During the School Year,

publis
BY THE

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
eS a ee ee

ed in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.
ae
PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.
oe ee
BOARD OF EDITORS:

Enter

 

 

H. F. Situ, ’09, Editor-in-Chief.
J. H. Jounson, ’09, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
M. Ross, ’09, Alumni Notes.
Cc. V. S. Knox, ’09,
J. R. REEVES, '09,
R. W. IREDELL, ’09,
J. E. E:menporr, ’10,
R. W. Turner, ’09,
News.

| Literary Editors.

A. A. PRENTISS, ’09,

F. H. Low, ’09,

R. W. SEARLE, ’10, Exchanges.
Aan Concer, Annex.

R. B. SEARLE, ’09, .
R. T. B. Topp, ’10, t Business: Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-
panied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only, :

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

Namely,

125
The Arco.—In this the last issue of the

Arco for the current school ye:

; ar it seems well
to review the

improvements that have been
made toward accomplishing the object which
the editors have constantly had before them,
to make the paper an expression of

life and standards of the school. We start-
ed out an entirely new staff.

the

, and of necessity
could not do much in our first issue. We be-
lieved that the best Way of reflecting the life of
the school would be through editorials, and so
in the next issue we had several editorials on
various topics. Too much stress cannot be
laid on this department, and from the first our
exchanges have commented on the great im-
provement which editorials have made in the
Arco. Our space was limited, and the ques-
tion arose whether we should have fewer edi-
torials and more stories, or vice versa. We
concluded that one good story and a number
of editorials would be better than a number of
mediocre stories and one or two. editorials.
We have tried to have nothing but good stor-
ies, and if the verdict of the exchanges is
worthy of acceptance, we have succeeded. The
next thing to be considered was our cover de-
sign. For two months we were forced to be
content with pictures of the school buildings,
but in December one of the students designed
a simple but effective cover which has met
favorable comment everywhere. Our ex-
changes have continually multiplied. We had
asked to be criticized ourselves, and it seemed
only fair that we should give all our exchanges
a just and impartial criticism. Sometimes we
had space for only a line, but we tried to criti-
cize all. Of our athletic department there is
no need to speak. Almost every paper is good
in this department, and its size always varies
according to the number of games played.
There have been several movements set on
foot by this paper, of which space does not
permit us to speak. We have changed the
paper greatly, have improved its standard,

——al
126 THE
have enlarged it, and have left for the new
editorial staff a paper whose purpose, we hope,
will be continued, and whose standard will be

still further improved.

 

Tur Senior Crass.—In a few days the
members of the Senior Class will have gradu-
ated and gone their respective ways, some to
our own college, some to other colleges, and
some to begin their life in the business world.
The class of 1909 leaves behind it a record
upon which each member of the class may look
with pride. We Seniors were placed in one
of the most important years in the history of
the school, and naturally the lead fell to us.
Many changes have occurred in the past year,
and we may well be proud of the part we have
taken in bringing about these changes, either
as individuals or as a class. Throughout the
school year there has been evident a spirit of
advancement and of self-government. To us
fell the duty of organizing this spirit. which
attained its height in the Schoo] Charter. This
charter has been discussed in another editorial,

and there is no need of saying anything fur-
there concerning its democratic principles, its
plan of self-government, and its significance in
the history of the school. Another advance-
ment has been shown in the organizing of the
School Y. M. C. A., for which we have mainly
to thank members of the Senior class. The
great improvement in the Arco, of which we
have already spoken, is another thing due to
the Seniors. The class of 1909 has found the
Arco a ready spokesman to the rest of the
school. A notable instance of the stand our
class has taken against all bad practices is the
campaign against smoking. We -have been
able to limit this habit to the older boys, and
to stop it entirely during school hours. Our
class has had a large number of players on the
different athletic teams, and it was largely by
our efforts that interclass athletics were insti-
tuted. But space is lacking to recount any
more of the things we have done. Let the ex-

 

ARGO

amples given here be examples of
have stood for in school life,

There is, however, something More jn
ant than our past. What will we do Port
future? This is what must concery ae
We have still more preparation to receive +
college, but the first stage is past, ang «in
time for us to begin the forming of ae
which shall guide us through life, There €als
struggles to be encountered, but jt is ate
through struggling that we obtain the coe
There are temptations to be resisted, and en
through the preparation which we receive is
Prep. School and College that we receive ie
strength to overcome them. There will :
evils in the political and social life of 4a
country which we must face, These thin is
are what makes this preparatory period so ae Y
essary, and it is only as we have conquered
our hard lessons of Latin, geometry and othe
studies, that we shall be able to conquer a
harder lessons of life. It is well that we tart
such a good record to look back upon. Ma
it be but the beginning of records which wit
show that we have been good citizens, fighters
against evil and oppression, strong for democ-
racy, and above all, good Christian Men,

JH:

What

 

OUR Y. M. C. A.

For one hundred and forty-three years Rut-
gers Preparatory School has existed a3 an in-
stitution of learning, and during all this time
it has never, for one moment, failed to be fore-
most leader of all institutions in its class.
Many a man has left its walls with a training
never to be lost and with a mental and physi
cal foundation upon which to build his char-
acter, that never can be undermined hy un-
reasonable influences,

We are all well aware of the fact that atii-
letics are essential for a thorough edu ation,
and that they must be indulged in for the de-
 

 

 

 

 

 

Newark News

Courtesy

SENIOR CLASS
 

 

ment of @ strong physical body and a
ind. We also know that we must
a great deal of our time to onr by dks,
devote ‘vish to become thoroughly educated
if we id if we wish to accomplish the purpose
men Sich we set out in our younger days.
Se owevets these are not the only develop.
ents for which a man must seek that he may
e ., truly happy and successful life; there
5 a human nature in every man, and unless
Ei attempts 10 gain Christian companionship
ee, his God and his fellowmen, this nature
can vever be developed to its full extent.

Our school has started an organization
which will tend to develop the moral character-
istics of its scholars; and which will make
them realize their Christian duty to their
Maker and fellow students. The name of this
“The Young Men’s Christian

; yelp’
pealthy m

organization is

Association.”
The start made by us in this work is a most

excellent one. Already we have formed a
good constitution, which has been adopted,
and we have elected officers fully competent
for the leadership of this work. At our Arst
meeting much interest was shown and a great
deal of enthusiasm was demonstrated by
number of the students. What we are now
to do is to continue what we have started with
the same interest that we now have and with
increasing zeal. In this way we will be able
to accomplish all those things for which a
Young Men’s Christian Association stands,
and we will be able to develop not «nly our
mental and physical body, but also our spirit-
ual body.

It now behooves each and every one of us,
who are students of Rutgers Preparatory
School, to do all in our power to promote this
Christian movement; not only for the purpose
of developing his own intellectual and spirit-
ual character, but that he may do something for
the growth and development of these same
characteristics in his fellowmen.

Roya A. Stanton, 08.

THE ARGO

127

“1 "eel
a Lost,
and sunset, one
small diamonds,
1s gone forever,”

some time between sunrise
golden hour set with~ sixty
; ‘

No reward is offered, for it

ek at hour, but two hours, or three
Possibly more. Few boys in their
youth realize the vast amount of time which
they lose—waste. Time which they ruthlessly
waste, and time which others prevent them
from using advantageously. But they may
ask how they may lose time! It seems to them
as if they are always overworked! Few boys
waste much time while they are out on the
playground. Most of the time which slips
through a boy’s hands is in the performing of
some task or the preparing of lessons,—any
slight noise, the entering or leaving of an-
other person, a passing automobile or trolley
car,—things which when they are out on the
street never even draw their eye,—all of these
things they will see, while the task at hand is
unthought of. It does not take many minutes
lost in this manner to count up to an hour—
two hours,

Last year a boy named T— decided that he
wished to leave school and seek his fortune
out in the world. Through his father, an in-
fluential man in the city, he secured a good po-
sition in a large clothing establishment.  11e
had been there nearly five weeks, when, upon
his arrival one morning he found a note upon
his desk stating that his services were no
longer needed there. Upon inquiry, the father
learned that his son had been relieved of duty
because he was a dawdler,—he lost time by
slow trifling, he acted in an indecisive way.
Just so, boys, you, if you do not wake up soon,
will be the last man in the procession. The
alert, wide-awake ones will have passed you.

Boys, work hard! Systematize everything
you do! Apply yourselves! Concentrate all
your mind and body on the work at hand!
Do not waste your precious time, and you are
bound to win! —09.

 
THE
128

ScnooL CHARTE
ur plan for

r—At last we have com-
school organization and
nd are ready to begin the next
th our charter already tested by
+ was published in full

in our last number, but owing to lack of time

: de on it. But
no editorial comment was ma ae
does it need editorial comment? Does _ a
speak for itself and show that we as Ge oo
are right up with the times? Take, Op
stance, the articles regarding “Direct pote
tions,” the “Initiative,” the “Referendum” and
the “Recall.” These are four modes of pro-
cedure which are gradually coming into use
throughout the country. They represent a
notable advance towards a truer democracy
and freedom, and it is well that we. who are to
become factors in their use should learn that
use here in Prep. School.

The committee which drew up the charter
deserves the praise and thanks of the whole
school, They have given their time to it for
over two months, and we truly appreciate
their effort in giving to the school an organi-
zation of which we may well be proud. No
less worthy of our thanks is Mr. Scudder, who
constantly helped the committee by his direc-
tion, and made possible the fine character of
the charter by his timely suggestions. We
have held our elections and they have resulted,
we are sure, in the selection of the men best
fitted for the task of governing the school.
With this charter as a beginning, let the
school go forward, seeking always for the
heartiest co-operation between the students
and the_faculty, through which we may finally
become the ideal Prep. School. .

pleted 0
government al
school year W!
actual use. The charte

Our Herors.—We noticed a peculiar state-
ment “in the West Jersey Academian a few
months ago. The paper said that the name of
Leonidas would far outshine that of the
world’s greatest generals, including George
Washington. What did Leonidas do? Why.
he with three hundred followers held a pass

ARGO

for a whole day against the arm

The position of the little band Was net
impregnable on account of high rote Tat,
side. He died for his country there. on Lith,
act, all will admit. But in American bt,
we have a grander sacrifice,—that ote Stop
mo. There, less than three hundreq i © AR
an old church against the whole Me hey
army until every one was killed, At Xleay
mopylae two escaped. At the Alamo et.
tried to. They fought and died teas
Therefore, we consider the act of Davy Cy er,
ett and his Texans greater than that ne
das and his Spartans. And as to compari,
him with Washington! The Washington at
Trenton, the Washington of Valley Forge, te
Washington of Yorktown, the Washington af
America, it is absurd.

Land of the West! though passing brief
The record of thine age,

Thou hast a name that darkens all
On History’s wide page!

Let all the blasts of fame ring out—
Thine shall be loudest far:

Let others boast their satellites—
Thou hast the morning star.

Thou hast a name whose characters
Of light shall ne’er depart;

‘Tis stamped upon the dullest brain,
And warms the coldest heart;

A war ery fit for any land,
Where Freedom’s to be won;

Land of the West! it stands alone—
It is thy Washington.

 

SumMer Camp.—The summer camp a
Schoodic Lake will be a good thing for the
school in many ways. Everything is being
done to make it an. attractive camp, both from
the standpoint of play and work by providing
the right kind of opportunities for both.

The conditions for developing material for

the track team will be unusually good. Ex-

pert coaching combined with the general

 
THE

   
   
  
   
  
   
   
     
    
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
    
  
    
   
  

pysical development which is bound to come
, the tramping, the swimming and the
ice is sure to be felt in all of the athletic
ess of the school, Certain of our play-
in und features will be adapted for use at the
: The playground slide will “chute” us
ato the water in fine style.
Books and materials which may be of use in
taking advantage of the chance for nature
study are provided, and the fellow who is on
the lookout for general information will be
able to gather it under favorable: conditions.
Besides these opportunities there is the ad-
yantage which comes from the “team spirit”
which is certain- to develop when a congenial
crowd lives together and pools its interest in
this way. This will mean more school spirit
in the fall and a better understanding of each
other as well as greater harmony between
teacher and pupil.
- Some may see in this very fact an undesir-
able feature—thinking that older people are in
the way to spoil fun and that the restrictions
of a camp of this sort are unpleasant. As a
matter of fact, older people are not present in
this camp to spoil fun but to help it along and
make conditions favorable.
Other schools will be represented, and the
“Arco is sure that the ingenuity of the Prep.
fellows will place the camp out of danger of
being a “dead” place. The fellows who can
go may consider themselves fortunate. We
wish the camp a successful season.

 

Spettinc Revorm.—Not long ago a spell-
ing reform movement was started by the dif-
ferent teachers. .Not the spelling reform that
has aroused so much talk of late years, for it
cannot be said that we do not spell phonetic-
ally, each according to his own interpretation
_ or reproduction of the sounds he hears pro-
nounced. But our spelling reform had as its
purpose the making of our spelling to conform
with the established rules. There surely was

ARGO
; 129
heed that s i
some 5
ee cthing should be done for the
teacher that had us write w to di
tion found from 1 E € words to dicta-
ene. Iree to five wrong on every
+ The reform has benefi if i
hishnol ca S benefited, even if it
gates y cured our phonetic spelling.
ch strive
dae trive to profit by such work, to
Ds ey ; :
cee Vay words are spelled in our read-
; to know when we spell a word wrong
and then to | icti 4
O hunt out a dict y
, pun cuonary and learn
OW to spell it right.
—_ ie
Swi
- eo school was shocked a
- ‘ys-ago when the news came to us that
ormer professor had been drowned while
oie on Lake Cayuga. He could swim
a little, and when his craft capsized was
helpless. Summer is here, and nearly all of
us are going to some resort where boating is
the chief sport. In this case we will be on the
water most of the time. Do you know how
to swim? Perhaps some time this summer it
will mean your own or some one else’s life
whether you are able to or not. It is almost
suicidal not to learn. Any one can learn, and
we sincerely advise that all who can get the
opportunity, learn to swim.

Base-BAtt.—It is often hard to determine
the exact standing of an athletic team. This

-is especially true of base-ball. The fact that a

team is beaten by a single score is no indication
that it is inferior to the winning team; also, it
is no indication that the winning team might
not win by a larger score in a subsequent game.

There are several factors which tend to in-
fluence a team’s position in the base-ball
world. The first essential to a team’s success
is daily practice. It is generally conceded by
all that ball players are “born, not made.”
That is to say, to be a first-class player one
must take naturally to the game. He must be
gifted with ability in that line. A draught
horse can, in no wise, become a race horse.
The reason is obvious: it has not those funda-

 

 

 
THE

180

ent l ua fications wi whl h n-
mental qu | t Ss th hich nature ¢
dows a race horse. Fur thermore, they can

Lene ‘
never be attained. It is impossible to get wate

from a dry well.

Suppose, however, that a base-ball player

has all the requisites of a first-class man. Does
it mean that he can be successful through his
talent alone? By no means. It is the devel-
opment of talent that counts. If he does not
exercise it constantly the machinery SO care
fully constructed by nature loses its efficiency.
Habitual absence from practice often causes
the most promising candidate to give a weird
exhibition, when, in reality, he is fully capable
of giving a good account of himself. Thus it
is: everyone, no matter how hard the attempt,
cannot be a good ball player; but every good
ball player, unless he is energetic and enthusi-
astic, can easily become a poor ball player.
The keynote to base-ball is, then, unerring
perseverance.

Another factor conducive to a team’s suc-
cess is good fellowship and good feeling
among the players. Nothing so quickly and
completely undermines a team as jealousy and
ill will. In the major leagues everyone is on
the best of terms with his neighbor. In case
any trouble does arise, and in case it is not
amicably adjusted, a change in the line-up
must follow. A base-ball team must be perfect
and harmonious. The more the team “pulls
together” the greater its efficiency.

Lastly, a team must. feel that it is backed.
It must feel that there are people in the grand-
stand or bleachers anxiously awaiting the out-
come—ready to rejoice in its triumph, re-
signed to bear with it in defeat. More than
one good team has failed to live up to expecta-
tions on this account,

This year's “Prep.” team is extremely for-
tunate in Possessing to a satisfactory degree

the above mentioned qualifications, As a rule
the candidates have co

They have applied the

Mselves industrious] to
the game. There has :

been maintained at all

ARGO

times a spirit of good fellowship, ;

which the team would haye beers Z Withoy
The team has pulled together, Fort aly
no team could ask for better sy i “More
part of those who do not play than the re the

The entire school has been Constant]y 4
it. This, too, has been a great factor hing
N the

strength of this year’s team,

As stated above, it is difficult to
an exact rating. We have thus
three defeats, two of them by the
gin of onerun. It is entirely possible, ree
games to be played over, that the Scores aes
be reversed. Inasmuch as we haye tide hes
beaten decisively, it is no more than fair Q
contend that we are on a par with the Majority
of school teams. q

give a

f

ar Suffers fl
small

 

ATHLetic LEAGUE.—It has been decideg
by the Student Council for our school to enter
an Athletic League. As most of Our rivals qo
not belong to any we have decided to form
one ef our own and ask them to join. A ban.
ner is to be awarded to the championship of
each season. This does not necessitate leaving
other teams off our schedules. The schools
we desire to join the league are: Plainfield
High, Pingry ,Trenton State, Trenton High,
Bordentown and Rutgers Prep. We hope the
other schools will join, as it will be a great aid
to both their athletics and our own.

THANKs.—The Student Association of
Rutgers Preparatory School thanks Mr. J.
Morrison and the City of New Brunswick for
the ballot box which they loaned us during the
recent elections. The School also wishes to
express their appreciation for the information
given in the manner of carrying on an election.

 

Many a man in his endeavor to keep in the
Swim soon finds himself in the soup.

 

It requires a skilful surgeon to set a bone
but anybody can set an egg.

 
       

: rorY OF THE CLASS OF NINE-
g1iST EN HUNDRED AND NINE.

On September twentieth, nineteen hundred
four, the Class of Nineteen Hundred and
eee Rutgers College Preparatory

nto existence.
k, friendless freshmen, they at first
he class of Naughty Eight, but it
was not long before that class found it was
not the only one in Prep. School. After this
of difficulties and those peri-
ods of torture, administered at regular inter-
led exams., the class finally

yals, commonly ca
reached the noble position of Sophomore, or

the first form, second division.
But alas! all fond hopes of retribution were

speedily thrown to the winds. The class of
19 outnumbered the Naughty Nine class by
two to one. Of course there was some fun,
but only in fragmentary portions.

After the first year ’09 lost their young lady
member, who was never replaced. They lost
some of their other members also, but new
arrivals filled these vacancies. So passed the
second year, for the most part filled with hu-
miliation at their inability to haze the Fresh-
men,

Now came the third and real Sophomore
year, the second or first form second division
being only sort of a post freshman term. By
this time the class had been so strongly aug-
mented by newcomers that they administered
several crushing defeats on the “Tens” in ath-

As wea
jell prey tt

drawn-out time

ARGO
151

letics. They <
sh ae began to show more studi-

During . i
a eaten atid aes ih ae
" ys s and school life, and
although they lost a few, the new nl
more than made up for thes ee

se.

At length, last fall, they came into their
own,—they were Seniors. Under a new Head-
master they have watched the school grow and
broaden out, they have worked more, studied
harder, and taken a more prominent part in
the school government, than ever before, and
consequently have gained greater advantages
therefrom.

And now at their closing page they look
back over the five years spent in Rutgers
Prep. and sincerely hope they have not spent
them there in vain; not only for their own
good, but for the good of those to come.

Joun R. REEvEs.

 

CLASS PROPHECY.

Ever since history began to be written, we
read of a desire to learn the future. Thus the
Greeks had their oracles, the Romans their
Sibylline books, and more modern nations
their soothsayers and magicians. This desire
still remains among the enlightened nations of
to-day, and is evidenced by the prosperous
business which our palmists, clairvoyants and
fortune tellers do.

The class prophecy is a direct outgrowth of
this characteristic. All over our country at
this time of year the graduating classes of the
grammar school, the high school and the col-
lege are having their futures told to them by

some selected member of the class. It is be-

cause our class is no exception to the general

rule that this prophecy is read to-day.

It has been a difficult task to discover the
fature callings of the members of this class.
Many ancient books on magic and astrology
have been consulted. Realizing that the future
THE ARGO

2
7 riter has care-

t, the W
 mem-

teristics of eacl
e class. Nightly he has sat = us
indow and observed the stars, if perce a
Nic ¢ junctions might not be related to
ree Of our class. He has been not a little
ee : bers of his own class who, taking
il ts future have lent their

tal interest in i
A ose of the writer. But

have only been per-

s on the presen

depend
fi lied the charac

fully stuc
ber of th

an un :
own efforts to aid th
i ts we
with all these effort
mitted to glance at one day when -by chance

all the members of the class are gathered to-
gether. We hope, however, that one See
will be enough to form some conception oO the
greatness to which the class of 1909 will rise.
The scene is in Washington in the year
1929. That city has been chosen for a reunion
of the class, and the writer is permitted to
view that meeting and other events in which
members of the class are concerned. It hap-
pens that Congress is in session, and before
proceeding to the reunion the writer attends a
session of the house. There, beating on the
desk with his gavel in an effort to secure or-
der, was our worthy class president, Low, who,
finding the life of a civil engineer tiresome,
had taken to politics and gradually risen until
he became speaker of the house. The practice
he received in Prep. School, keeping unruly
class meetings in order, acting as chairman of
the Council, and as president of the Athletic
Association now stands him in good stead,
and is largely responsible for his rapid ad-
vancement. The person who had the floor was
our classmate Searle. He, after studying law
had, with the help of Ross, attained a seat in
Congress, where he brought about as many
humorous incidents as he did in Prep. School.
Ross and Searle, the Siamese twins, could not
be separated, so Ross must also go to Con-
gress, where he spends his winters, and in
A summer, nominally a lawyer, is active in plan-
Beenie anne asf Me
House. The m es saad to the White
. atter under discussion js a

question of national women’s suftr

find Turner arguing against it ; , ant
dent suffragette, he had beep c Ce ay Z
Mr. Scudder that there was no vked :
it, that women controlled the Votes sity ly
at least they would in Turner’s case 2 ay
see when his wife or sweetheart ie OF,
him and says, “Now, Bobby, please = Up 4,
say,” how can Bobby resist? Somebog, :
ever, fainted because of the length of t » Now.
speech, and Doctor Reeves was called e er
ter leaving Prep. School he had taken « : .
years’ course at Vassar. Did [| say V
I was looking at the wrong name, 05
I meant to say Yale.

Leaving the House of Representative, *
see coming down the-steps of the Mein
Embassy our friend De La Torre. He haf
become Mexican Ambassador and had hope
of becoming a second Diaz. The question j
naturally asked, “Are ambassadors no longe
required to say little and talk less?” Mex,
however, has so far outgrown his Prep. Schocl
habit that he would not understand what Was
meant. He is on the way to Five Feets Circus
not yet having outgrown his fondness for see.
ing the monkeys. While following him int
the side show we see our friend Koehler, He
was not, however, as one might suppose, one
of the attractions, but merely a spectator. He |
had been the guard on his college eleven for
four years, and had then retired to Bound
Brook, where he still is living with his large
family.

One other scene is permitted us before we
view the class reunion. There is a ball game
in progress between Washington and Chicago,
for the world’s championship. With the score
3-0 against Washington, the last half of the /
ninth inning, and three on_ bases, Ziegler
knocks a home run and wins the game. He
had been too good a player to keep long away
from the national game, and now was captain
of the Washington team, to whom last place
was now a long-forgotten memory. The bast

A8sapy
COUrs

 
THE

erly sought by the

vas €8
he was a their foot-ball

. as a coach

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
    

ion the different members

; me ul

Ww ass +. exp
the cir eXt ;

yee toll th ne a teacher of English

kee Ye

ah yas bec”

jent of @ Sunday School. T he
inten which He paid in Mr. Fish-
ef e has had its result. No one
‘ oF pil are not well acquainted
ay at aespeare and Burns, and as
purkes " School work, we may say that

(lay 5 an inspiring effect
5 oun nce has a
pS" , countena

eriences.

ca

A an has become an eee and 2
i Me als Demosthenes, icero, an
- as because of his knowledge
aa he can easily imitate.

js known as the great organizer.
ained while chairman of the

Charter Committee suggested this ca-
ginal CT and entering it his fame be-
y 0 a At present he is engage din
foreign commissions, such as re-
ving the Central American Republics,
i ee 1 a constitution for the South Sea
ok and like work. a 5
 fredell is an artist and he has a ig vam
ian most of the provessi for his great
jusiness management, as evidenced in the bar-

| cain sale of books held in 1909, while attend-
c hool, has filled his coffers with

thers,

e exp!

f
cae worldw
Fy number of

ing Prep. Sc
money.

Knox, after going through Princeton, had
become a minister and is now occupying the
pulpit of one of the large Washington
churches, He is still noted for his Latin and
Greek, but even yet has not reached the point
where he can refer to the chapter, book, or
line of Caesar or Cicero only when he wishes
_ toillustrate some point of syntax.

Pingry has a large farm up State, and there
has introduced very successful methods of
“entific farming, learned at Rutgers. He

ARGO
199

are ti ie

o I it tim to other Pursuits
Vi age ¢ i i i
eV e hoir With his deep

§!ves most of his s
such as leading
bass voice,

Prentiss had become a ci
ae ho field for his labors and his ch
in the /

the east, even although he did spend hi
: s 2 S$
tummers at Asbury Park, had gone to Utah

and settled near Salt Lake City. Far be j
from us to question why, 2

vil engineer, but

arms

Prehn has become a large mill owner, but
amid the grinding of the wheat he finds tim
to think of the few months he spent in Prep,
School. Sparrow is now doing the circuit in
vaudeville, singing character songs _inter-
mingled with dancing stunts, His favorite
song is the one which opens, “Gee, I wish |
had a girl.” We cannot see why this is, for
certainly he has no lack of them,

H.-F. Smith has become an electrical en-
gineer. He had enough of journalism while
editor of Tur Arco, Even with the aid of
his profession he finds it harder to shock
people than while fooling in the physics room
at Prep. School.

C. W. Smith has become a missionary to
Africa, and in his varied experiences has seen
things which Teddy never beheld. His work
as principal organizer of the Rutgers Prep.
Y. M. C. A. had been a good fitting for his
later ‘work, for the heathen aren’t in it with
Prep. School boys.

Stanton is another member of the class that
has become a minister, and he is as good as
the best of them, though he never could find
out the reason why you couldn’t have a past
condition contrary to fact in the future.

All the members of the class now know their
future. No longer am Ia prophet, no longer
can I behold what is in store for us. But the
last glimpse that I had saw the members of
the class as they drank a toast to Rutgers
Prep. School and the memories of their happy

student days.

eo
 

134 THE

In reading over the Prophecy before send-
» our paper, I noticed
that Johnson, like the modest fellow that he is,
had not told us of his future. Immediately
was my curiosity aroused ; could it be that one
of our members had fallen below the standard?
I was frightened, chills ran up my back and
perspiration stood on my forehead. What
could be done. In my half crazed state of
mind I rushed to New York and up to the
Grand Central station. I had my mind made
up. I must get away from people and think.
I was going to Millbrook, Just as I was get-.
ting out of the subway car I noticed a man
looking at me. I was held a moment by his
stare, bit he turned to go, saying, “Bosh!”
when the man stepped up to me and said,
speaking in a queer Eastern accent, “You are
not well.” I said that I was perfectly well,
and was again about to go when he said, “I
mean in your mind. Come,” he said, “follow
me.” I cannot explain how nor why, but as
I walked up 42d street everything was strange
and as I looked closer I noticed that no police-
men were eating grafted bananas. I ‘now
seemed to be down town. I went into the
City Hall; everyone was working hard and
seemed to be of the best men on the street.
There was no riot. I went into the court and
saw a judge seated there with nothing to do.
But, I asked of my guide, what does all this
mean, Again the scene changes. I am in the
Congressional Library. I pick up a history
and to my astonishment I read of a great
reformer, John H. Johnson, who had reformed
the politics of the world by his great speeches
in Congress. As a frontispiece in the same
book was a picture of John Henry Johnson,
which was placed in the Capitol. Now every-
thing fades and I am sitting in a room in one
of the big hotels stripped of all my valuables
and my strange fniend gone, but it was worth
all this and more to have the load lifted from

ing it to be printed ir

my mind,

 

ARGO
1909 CLASS SONG.

Come classmates, Rutgers Prep. School
And join in this our parting song, Men,
For we may ne'er all meet again, |
So let’s be merry ere we're gone,
Life lies before, a pathless maze,
Through divers roads our ways ma
But let us not forget these days
In dear old Prep., our boyhood home

Y Toam

Together we have fought and won;
Four years of irksome learning’s past.
Yet through it all we've had our fun, :
But now we've reached the end at last,
And so we'll give one more farewell,
One lingering handshake with each friend
And bid them keep old Prep. School til] :
Each reaches his respective end.

Now, boys, sing out, both loud and clear,
Our dear old Alma Mater praise,
And end it with a ringing cheer
That will the very rafters raise.
We've always stood a loyal band,
And tried to do our level hest ;
So let the name of “Naught Nine” stand,
Always respected by the rest.
Joun R. Reeves ’09,

THE SENIOR CLASS.

Nat Carroll (“Doc”; “Deacon’), Dayton,
N. J.
“PPP LP? P—— — *”

“As merry as the day is long.”

Austin de la Torre (‘*Mex.”), Guadalajara,
Mexico.

Foot-ball.

“Well, dot’s pretty good.”

“A merry heart maketh a cheerful counten-
ance.”

Bradley J. Folensbee (“Farmer”), Scho-
harie, N. Y.

Foot-ball; Base-ball ;
Secretary of Students’ Association.”

“Say, that’s all right.”

“Remove not the ancient landmark.”

\

Manager of Track;
