VOLUME XIX

 

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

NOVEMBER

 

NUMBER TWO
II

THE ARGO.

Rutgers College ant Rages Stent sho

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT
Is Broad and Thorough

and by arevision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
the degree of A. B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements

n which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT,

isthe New Jersey State College f
ture aad ihe Mechanic ire," or the benefit of Agrical-
n 's Department there are si Tees,
leading to the first degree in science, at em =

1. A Course in Agriculture.
2, A Course in Civil Engineering.
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.
A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
7. A Course in Mechanical Engineering.
8, A Course in General Science.
Ail ssh ort 290-3 0f tar years in Varani hic
poviead ina degree, z > i 3r2a nics which doss
‘or ttt ognas and other information, address IRVIN!
§. UPSON, Registrar = ee
W. H. 8S. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., Presidat.

{rene

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

201 NEILSON ST.,

FINE JOB

New Brunswick, N. J.

PRINTING

Of Every Description.

BiUS A APKEN,

JEWELER,

All Kinde of Soclety Emblems
Made to Order.

 

Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

LADIES’ MISSES’ and
CHILDREN’S

SUITS AND JACKETS,

New stock oF DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P. J. Young Dry Goods, Co., 2/SHURCH STREET.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
THE ARGO.

PAUL F. WILLIAMS.

REAL ESTATE

354 GEORGE ST. NEW BRUNSWICK.

(Established 75 Years)

STEWART & CLAYTON

SOLE AGENTS

29 .
Young’s and Truly Warner Hats
FOWNES’ GLOVES, DRILL GLOVES, EVENING FURNISHINGS
Church Street, Opposite Dennis Street.

NIFTY SHOES

—FOR—

YOUNG MEN

Bee $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 .... .....

IT]

EEE REE EES

Gym and Sporting Shoes

 

 

 

 

AU
y :
id :
% Harding & Mansfield
YI
6
3 «9 Peace St. New Brunswick
\ OQ. O. STILLMAN, ' John M. Arneil Geo. G. MacPherson
JET-WHITE STEAM AND HAND
| JEWELER AND OPTICIAN. LAUNDRY
¢ Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins First Class Work
Made to Order. Gord, Boe raving and Wedding | Phone 47. 80 Church St.
| 45 CHURCH STREET. | New Brunswick, N. J.
S. ZIMMERMAN | E. VOLKERT,
BARBER ‘Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES 359 GEORGE STREET,

 

 

381 GEORGE ST. | New Brunswick, N. J.

= “Ww Then patronizing “the “stores advertised. in ‘our columns, “please mention. ‘the. “Argo.”

 
THE ARGO.

IV
RUTGERS PREP SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OF FICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J,

380 GEORGE STREET,

WILLIAM GAUB =RANDOLPH =

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages Fo to-2 ra fer.

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

JERSEYS,
SWEATERS, 9s

ane & wT ARKER

Studio, 310 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

 
 
  
   

 
  

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students

College Snaps

 
 

a suits

  

 

0
ae We Make A Special Little
Picture
Lyons & Parker | cat and SEE us.
CLOTHIERS Se Ee eeaa at

New Brunswick, New Jersey BRUNS

Phone 310 J. 71 Church St.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.

 

 

 

 
Bie

 

 

 

 

NEw BRUsOWIE Ne N. noe Role

 

 

 

aes Gea

 

 

Perhaps some of my readers have in the
course of their vacation ramblings visited,
Barnegat Bay. It might interest them to hear
about an incident which I had there last sum-
mer.

After spending two weeks at a resort some
thirty miles north of Atlantic City, we wish-
ed to return to Barnegat in order to take the
train home. As it is twenty or twenty-five
miles by water between these two points, and
as our launch only had a small power, it was
necessary that the wind should be from the
south in order that we might reach our destin-
ation before nightfall.

As you perhaps know, the sea gulls or
Mother Casey’s chickens come into land be-
fore a severe storm. On the day before the
one set for our journey we saw large num-
bers of gulls flying around over the marshes
Sure enough the next morning broke with a
howling nor’ easter, sweeping down the coast.
Of course we considered the journey settled
for that day at least. About ten o’clock it
partly cleared off, and as it was necessary that
we should reach our home as soon as possi-
ble we decided to start out, storm or no
storm. It took us two hours to load the
launch and take on a supply of gasoline, so it
was after twelve o’clock when we left for
Jarnegat.

The wind was nearly dead ahead and blow-
ing steadily. Added to this about every fif-
teen minutes we ran into a sea of floating eel
grass. As the propeller was surrounded by
iro1 guards, reversing the engine did no
good, so we had to stop and clean it out.

(In most parts of Barnegat Bay the water

's either a few inches or twelve or fifteen feet
deep.) The deep channel is very narrow, and
with any slight mistake in steering you would
find yourself on a mud bank. When we were
about one half of the way up, the channel
turned very abruptly and as we were not no-
ticing it we ran aground in the soft black
mud.

The harder we pushed with our poles the
deeper they*sank in the mud. After work-
ing half an hour we got free only to become
stuck again a little further on. This time we
were not so badly grounded and soon manag-
ed to push the boat free.

About ten miles below Barnegat a railroad
crosses the bay, and we had great difficulty
in finding the right entrance to the draw as
a cluster of islands surrounded it. It was
nearly six o’clock when we passed the draw
and it began to grow dark. About half past
six the Barnegat light house was lighted and
served as a very welcome beacon to us.

The lighthouse is on the beach and our
destination was the town of Bornegat on
the mainland. The only entrance to the town
by water is through two very shallow, narrow
necks which afterward widen out into a small
pond. We knew that somewhere opposite the
lighthouse was the entrance to the creek, but
we also knew that anchored in the mouth of
the creek were a number, of boats, making it
difficult enough to go in and out in the day
time, to say nothing of at night.

Meanwhile it grew darker and darker and
a drizzling rain set in. The wind also fresh-
ened up and howled around the boat. The
wake of the boat was one great glow of phos-

 
THE ARGO.

16

as I looked into the water

over the edge of the boat, it looked as if the
prow were turning up liquid fire. Once, as
I looked off over the bay, | heard a splash
and a great streak of phospho
went rushing around the boat.
been some shark or other large fish,
had been disturbed by the churning of the
propeller.

Stranded near the entrance of the
a large coasting vessel named the Sans Souci.
Some years ago a heavy storm threw her up
on the meadows and made it impossible to
launch her again. We knew that we could
see her masts if we were close enough to
shore, so kept a sharp lookout for ther in or-
der not to run past the creek and on up the

phorescence ; and

rescent light
It must have
which

creek is

bay. About eight oclock we saw severaj
dark objects on the shore and headed for
them. When we were nearly into land we
found they were only some seaweed stacks
on the beach. We kept on up the coast and
about a,half a mile further on saw the masts
of the Sans Souci. We went toward them,
keeping a sharp lookout for the boats an-
chored in the mouth of the creek. We near-
ly ran into one large sail boat before we
could see it, sO we slowed down the engine
and proceeded carefully through the entrance,
After that it was clear sailing to the wharf
and after fastening our boat securely we
went to our hotel, feeling very thankful that
we did not have to spend the night out in
the storm. Scientiric, ’o8,

AN ORIGINAL ORATION

A day, memorable for Richard Stead,. had
dawned. ‘This very morning he was to re-
cite a speech of a certain great orator before
the whole school. He knew the piece so thor
oughly that it kept forever bobbing up in his
mind and thrusting itself into the middle of
every thought. At the breakfast table, for
example, he tried to plan a new trick-play
for his football eleven and was hunting back
into his memory for any rules that this play
might break, when up against that speech he
ran. The first sentence began to ring in his
ears as if it came as one of those sharp echoes
his shouting had produced in the main school
room, the afternoon before. “We have all
been boys,” it sang from away back in his
head. He gave up and mumbled the oration
under his breath, as he finished his meal. He
would murmur a few words, then take a has-
ty bite at his bread; a few words more, then a
swallow of coffe. “How well we remember
—mum! mum!—the days, long past, when—
This is what a phono-

”

shp! shp!~when
graph would have recorded, if only we had
owned one then. On the way to school, he
could not banish that tyrant of a speech. He
must repeat at least that hard part with all

those gestures, to see if he remembered it en-
tirely. Slam! His books fell sprawling to
the ground. He had unconsciously begun to
gesticulate as he was speaking those para-
graphs to himself. To-day his classmates
greeted him with “Well, Dick, how cool do
you feel?” Why would they remind him of
that torture which was near at hand? His
face grew flushed, then pale; his breathing
became heavier ard heavier. He answered
questions in a far away tone; then he shook
himself to know if he were not asleep and
dreaming. His heart seemed to beat. faster
and yet faster. He held his hand to his
breast, almost fearing that, if that school bell
did not ring soon,*his heart would tear
through his bosom in its wild pounding. Why,
he felt as though he were going forth to be
hanged.

“An extract from a speech entitled ‘A Plea
for the Boy’s Ambitions’ by Richard Stead.”
The headmaster’s voice came to Richard as if
through a closed door; for the poor boy was
stupid from stage-fright. “We—have all—
been boys.” The words fell from the speak-
er’s mouth with lifeless, listless precision. His
first gestures mechanically performed them-
THE ARGO.

selves. His mind felt dull; as one might
have decided, for his eyes were staring at
some picture above the hall door, Suddenly
those eyes were lowered to the faces in front.
Richard caught sight of his bovhood enemy
and rival, John Ballard, grinning widely and
nudging another lad to draw his attention to
the orator’s legs. Richard awoke from his
trance with a shock. He quickly dropped his
left arm, now raised in the midst of a ges-
ture; he stopped his voice; and looked down
at his trousers. How could he know but
that, in his flurried spirits, he had left a shoe
or a stocking at home? No, he was all dress-
ed; and his shoes were bth there, all in their
shining black. But oh, how plainly his stur-
dy legs vibrated with emotion! He glanced
up, in haste, to continue that interrupted sen-
tence; when he saw stout John openly rolling
at his desk with suppressed laughter. The
words fled back, fast as a breath, from his
lips parted to let them forth. With mouth
fixed a-gape he watched John. Ta a mom-
ent everybody was turned toward the blush-
ing John, who, with tears of merriment roll-
ing down his cheeks, was still struggling to
choke down those peals of laughter.

Then Richard had a fleeting ide
speech was unfinished. He labored to recall
the next lines; they seemed gone forever. But
he was determined not to sit down ignobly,
without a word more, as he had seen others
do. He must Say something. He was as
though suddenly inspired. ‘This speech of
his, he argued within himself, was all new
to his audience, and he was really very in-
terested in the thoughts it held: therefore, now
he would tell it to the school in his own
words. He had probably already gone far be-
low seventy-five per cent’s worth in his at-
tempt; so he had not much to lose by this
bold undertaking,
his voice he spoke :
No, we are all now
for us to pretend we

now we can plan how
are men,

With an earnest ring in
“We have all been boys ?
boys. Now is the time
are kings an: princes:

we shall own, when we

every steamboat on the ocean or an

a that his

17

airship that will sail around the world in a
day. Everyone of us boys can now believe
he will be the greatest man in the world,
when he grows up. Maybe, in ten years
more, we shall aim lower: and maybe, ten
years further along, we shall not aim at all.
I don’t know: I’m only a boy. If it is so, I
intend to dream every night all those won-
derful adventures [ can,
them in books every day;
be the best general ever

and to read about
to plan how I may
born, and to play
that I am, whenever we boys have a snow-
ball fight. And if [ keep on pretending, some
day, maybe I shall be more famous than I
can even imagine.”

A hush was over all the listeners, as our

speaker bowed and returned to his desk. Then
applause broke out and grew louder and loud-
er, until the school house shook with the clap-
Ping of hands, the Stamping of feet, and the
shouting of boyish voices.
grew horse calling order: then he sat back
in his chair and watched the clock as he wait-
ed for the tumult to die naturally. Every
boy in the school had broken the rules of be-
haviour to the extent of fifty
not one was marked dow
points for what he could scarcely help. So
electrical had been the effect ot this unex-
pected outburst of eloquence by Richard, by
a person of their own age.
Good Advice..
Don’t grumble, don’t bluste
don’t shirk;
Don’t think of your w
work.
The worries will vanish,
done;
No man sees his shadow w

The headmaster

per cent.; vet
n more than five

t, don’t dream and

orries, but think of your
the work will be

ho faces the sun,
Th Cardinal.

—

Proposition—Pupils go to school to jm-

Prove their faculties. Teachers are the f

ac-
ulties,

Conclusion — Pupils go to

improve — their
teachers.— Ex,
i8 THE

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matt er.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
HEWETTE E. JOYCE,
Editor-in-Chief.
ANNA P, SCOTT, Alumni Notes.
ALAN D. CAMPBELL, JR.

EVELYN VY. S. KNOX, Literary Editors.
FLOYD B. OLCOT?,

THURLOW C. NE LSON,

©. VAN SANTVOORD KNOX, |News

F REDERICK H. SMITH,
W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
MARGARET R, DALY, Annex.

J. FP. MeGOVERN,

VIVIAN C, ROSS, | Business Managers.

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.
All communications should be addressed to the Editor in-

Chief, R. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most

cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

Declamations began on Thursday, the sev-
enteenth of October. There were five speak-
ers. This year each member of the Third
and Fourth Forms is required tu speak four
times. By many students speaking is con-
sidered a bugbear and an agony which is of
no value. But certainly this is not so. As
Dr. Payson said in one of his ialks to the
school, in all probability, every American boy
will at some time have to speak in public. Of
course, all have not the gift of oratory. But
when a man speaks in earnest, he 1s very like-
ly to impress his hearers even
though he be awkward in appearance, and
hesitating in his delivery. Although declama-

favorably,

ARGO. |

m troublesome while we are

tions may see
learning and rehearsing them, they are, with.

t doubt, of assistance to us in later life,

ou
the best we can’while we are in

if we do
school.

pig ae ee

The attention of the school is called to the

contest for the best story written by a

All are urged to take

Some are inclined to

pftize
student in the school.

part in this contest.
say “I can’t write a story; what is the use of

trying?” Many who think they cannot write,
find out that they are mistaken, and the edi-
tors sincerély hope that all will avail them-
selves of this opportunity of showing what
they can do. Such a contest will also be of
assistance when the time comes for choosing
the next Argo board, as the ability of the
members of the school will be better known.
All those who desire further information a-
bout the contest, should apply to Dr. Payson,
or to one of the editors. All contestants
should be very careful to read the conditions
for the contest, which are printed in this num-
ber of the Argo, and to follow them exactly.
Stories handed in after the given date will
not be considered.

TENNIS.

During the last year, interest in tennis has
been increasing, and Rutgers Prep. is hav-
ing her share in it. On Tuesday, the twenty-
second of October, a tournament in singles
began on the Trap court. Mrs. Payson has
offered a first prize, and a consolation prize.
_ Sixteen have entered. Each couple play until
“one wins two out of three sets. The most ex-
citing contest up to this time, was that be-
tween Phinny ’o8, and Reeves ’og. The scores
of the first round are as follows:

Williams beat Campbell, 6-1, 6-3

Pitcher beat Knox, 6-2, 6-2.
THE ARGO

p. Prentiss beat Joyce, 6-2, 6-2,

Phinny beat Reeves, 6-2, 4-6, 6-4.

Prof. Wilbur beat Nelson, 6-0, 6-2,

F. Smith beat R. W. Searle, 8-6, 6-0,

A. Prentiss beat Dunham, 6-1, Ges.

Miss Tower beat Prof. Hall, 935, 5-7) Una.

 

ALUMNI NOTES.

Mr. Kojiro Matsukata, a graduate of Rut-
gers Preparatory School, and a student of
Rutgers College has recently called on Pre-
sident Demarest. Mr. Matsukata is now the
head of a large ship-building business in
Kobe, Japan.

’98, Bertram Cropsey is in business in
China.

98, J. F. Scott has returned to the Univer-
sity of Wisconsin.

’03, Verdi, has begun his course at the Har
vard Law School.

‘07, Dumont Elmendorf won the first prize
in the Sloan Entrance Examinations. Anoth-
er of the Prep. School boys has added to the
glory of the school.

’o7, F. Gross is continuing his educational
career at Worcester Polytechnic Institute.

‘07, Bascom and Marclay have been play-
ing a good game on the Rutgers Scrub team.

Ex-’o8, E. F. Kuehnle goes to the New
Brunswick High School.

Ex-’og, T. Strong is attending the Mercers-
berg Academy.

Ex-’10, R. Johnson is at the Lawrenceville
School, Lawrenceville, N. J.

Mr. Powell is teaching at the Mt. Pleasant
Military Academy.

The Board of Editors of the Argo offers a

Prize of five dollars for the best story written

19

by a pupil of the Rutgers Preparatory School,
under these conditions :

_ 1. Any pupil in the whole school, except-
ing the members of the Argo Board, may try
for this prize.

2. The stories must be handed to the
Headmaster, on or before January 31st, 1908.

3. At the end of every story shall be writ-
ten the name of the class to which the writer
belongs, such as “1st Form, 1st Division,” or
“and Form,” and the like. But the name of
the writer shall not be signed to the story;
but there shall be handed to the Headmaster,
at the same time with the story, a sealed en-
velope containing a slip of paper with the title
of the story, the writer’s name, and the name
of a parent, teacher, or guardian, written on
the paper—the last as a proof that the story
has been entirely the work of the writer.

4. One person may hand in more than one
story.

5- If less than five people try for the prize,
the prize cannot be awarded.

6. The stories must be neatly written on
one side of each sheet of paper, in ink, with
a margin of an inch on the left of the page;
and with great care taken correctly to punctu-
ate, spell words, and divide into paragraphs.

7. All stories written for this contest shall
be considered the property of the Argo and

may be printed in this, our school paper.

The Board of Editors.

Note—Care has been taken so to frame the
conditions that a member of the 1st Form of
the school may have as good a chance of win-
ning the prize as a 4th Form man will have.

HALLOWE'EN AT THE TRAP.

At exactly half past six, on the evening of
the only “Halloween” in nineteen hundred and
seven, the supper bell rang. The students
scrambled hurriedly down stairs to the dining
room to see what changes had been made for
that special occasion. A most beautiful sight
 

20 THE

met their eyes. The dining room was beauti-
fully decorated, but the thing which caught
the eyes of all, was the setting of the table.
The taste shown in this piece of work was
wonderful. Goblins’ heads surrounded the
large “Goblin Pie” in the center. As the la-
dies sat down they each found a Goblin’s head
staring at them unflinchingly and it was only
true bravery that kept them from uttering
frightened shrieks. Many other things help-
ed to make things look nice, such as candles
ribbons and such things. After the party,
which consisted of twenty-one, sat down, each
one found a beautiful card on his plate with
a lovely drawing of a cat chasing the old witch
up the handle of her broom, and a quotation
was written below the drawing.

After the party had eaten a most delicious
meal the top of the Goblin pie was taken off
and at the word each one pulled the yellow
ribbon which stretched from the pie to their
plate and were rewarded for the exertion by
a beautiful prize. The prizes were: A bell
for the most popular person; a set of parlor
croquet for the person who was to become the
best athlete; a large diamond ring for the per-
son who was to get married first; a paint box
for the one who was to become the world
famed artist, etc.

Later in the evening, the party repaired to
the kitchen, where games were played until
the candy was ready, and then the “candy
pull” began. This kept up for some time, and
much singing and eating was going on. At
half past then, time was called and the person
who had the whitest candy was to win. Ralph
Willard won the prize. After a short speech
by Mrs. Payson the prize was awarded to the
winner. The party who had anxiously await-
ed the awarding of the prize saw that it was
a small, handsome drum, and then “beat it.”

The party consisted of Dr. and Mrs. Pay-
son, Miss Sturtevant, Miss Biles, Miss Tower,
Miss Marsden, Miss Gilmore, Messrs. Lewis,
Hall, Averill, Wilbur, Gross, Zeigler, Mosher,
Corbin, Pitcher, Stanton, Willard, Cornish,
Romeike, Williams. .

ARGO.

POLYTECHNIC PREP. SCHOOL
US..AeiC. B= S.

On October rgth on Neilson Field, our
team met its first defeat of the season by a
score of 6-5, with Polytechnic Prep. School of
Brooklyn. Our team is to be commended for
the fine game which they played, excelling
their opponents in nearly every feature of the
game. Although outweighed nearly twenty
pounds to the man, our backs repeatedly
smashed their line for gains of fifteen and
twenty yards. Poly chose to defend the south
goal and Williams kicked off to Mulvihill on
the five yard line. They failed to gain so
kicked to Ziegler on the forty yard line. On
the next play Ziegler got the ball on a for-
ward pass and made twenty yards. By heavy
line plunges Prep. carried the bail to Poly's
five yard line where Cross was sent over for a
touchdown. Williams failed to kick the goal.
Prep kicked to Poly who fumbled. Ziegler got
the ball and ran thirty yards before he was
downed. Prep. fumbled to Poly who failing
to make first down kicked to Ziegler. By
heavy formations and trick plays Prep.
brought the ball to Poly’s one yard tine where
they were held. Poly kicked to Prep., but
failing to gain kicked to Moore, who fumbled.

Time was called with the ball in Prep’s pos-
session on Poly’s fifteen yard line.

Second Half.

Poly kicked to Gross who returned the ball
twenty yards. Prep. failed to gain so kicked
to Moore. Poly kicked to Williams on the
ten yard line. Failing to gain Williams tried
to kick. The attempt was blocked and Poly
fell on the ball within two feet cf the goal.
Mulvihill was sent over for a touchdown. But-
tler kicked the goal. Poly kicked off to Smith
who returned fifteen yards. Williams and
Gross tore up the line for long gains, getting
first down twice. Poly stiffened and Wil-
liams was forced to kick. Poly failed to gain
and kicked to Ziegler. Time was called with
ball on Poly's forty yard line.

 
THE

Rutgers Prep. Poly Prep.
Centre
BiSSOUE oes sawenSe ayes wie Sookie eo .. Miller
Right Guard
WoehIeR so a Ween smears MeL Eichling
Left Guard
WratSOn, ccs 4 canes ane io i ne Sk Brooks

Right Tackle.

Baumann ....... a. cities meet ae pate ie as Nash
Left Tackle

Prelim’ “s wins Sanu es ees coe ec Bartley
Right End
MGGOVERD Sa. t oui) ay sets me Pierson
Left End
Odd: -sssina weclenst hs a auisls, weiye ae ys Borneisler
Quarterback
Zhe ger x advo a ate Moore, Buttler, (Capt.)
Left Halfback
SITIO Fs pn akiersesilenadles are ee dere «east, So Carling
Right Halfback
GROSS Ts, tapacoire » occ lsens tae sea roa Anchrews
Fullback
Williams; (Captjis jes va Mulvihill

Touchdowns, Poly, Mulvihill. Reo Pe
Gross. Goals, Poly, Buttler. Head Lines-
man, Olcott. Referee, MacNeil, Rutgers ’o6.
Length of halves, 15 and 20 minutes.

HUDSON RIVER M. A.
vs. RUTGERS PREP.

On Saturday, October the twenty-sixth, the
Prep. won an easy victory over the team of
Hudson River Military Academy. All the
team played well, but Ziegler and Gross are
chiefly to be thanked for the victory. The team
has been well coached as was shown by the
interference and cross-buck piays.

First Half.

The Academy kicked off and the ball was
fumbled by Koehler, the opponents securing
the ball. Hudson then kicked to Ziegler who
made several twenty-five yard runs and finally
scored a touchdown. Williams kicked the goal.
Score, 6-0.

1

Hudson Academy again kicked off. Watson
caught but was tackled almost in his tracks.
Preps. were penalized five yards for being off

ARGO

21

side but regained lost ground by a forward
Pass to Ziegler. A second one was tried but
Hudson Academy secured the ball behind their
goal. They punted out and Olcott missed,
but Phinny fell on the ball. Ziegler made a
ten yard run and then carried the ball over
the line. Williams kicked the goal. Score
12-0.

The Academy again kicked off. Williams
returned the kick. Ziegler fubmled, but Bau-
man returned it. Prep lost the ball on a for-
ward pass and Hudson attempted the same
thing and gained ten yards. They then punt-
ed and Phinny caught it. Ziegler was hurt but
went into the game again and made a thirty
yardrun. Then the whistle blew amd time was
up with the Preps in posession of the ball.

Second. Half.

Preps. kicked off to the Academy. They
fumbled the ball, but recovered it. They punt-
ed and Williams caught it. Then Ziegler made
a touchdown and Williams kicked a goal.
Score 18-0.

Hudson kicked off to Prep. Smith caught
the ball and passed it to Williams who return-
ed the kick. Bauman caught it. Gross was
given the ball and he ran about forty-five yards
making a touchdown. Williams failed to kick
the goal. Score 23-0.

Hudson again kicked off but they were off-
side and had to kick five yards back. Koehler
caught the ball. Smith made a quarterback
run of seventy-five yards, but was penalized
fifteen yards for not running out far enough.
Ziegler made a twenty-five yard run and Helm
brought the ball within seven yards of the
goal. Helm carried it over the gua! line, but
was accused of hurdling and was penalized five
yards. Gross made a touchdown and Williams
kicked the goal. Score 29-0.

The Academy kicked off, Smith fumbled,
but Williams fell on the ball. Ziegler made a
twenty-five yard run and Gross made an eigh-
ty-five yard run, scoring a touchdown. Wil-
iiams failed to kick the goal. Score 34-0.

This time Williams kicked the ball side-
wise and McGovern dropped on it; but the

 
22

ball went to Hudson because Williams did not
kick it ten yards. The Academy attempted a
forward pass, but Williams caught the ball
and Hudson was penalized fifteen yards. They
punted it and Williams attempted a fair catch,
but missed the ball. They punted again and
Ziegler caught it. Prep. lost fifteen yards on
account of a forward pass. By a double pass
Gross made another touchdown and Williams
kicked the goal. Score 4o-o. ‘Time was
called.
Line-up:

Hudsor Academy

Right End.

Rutgers Prep.

McGOVéern’ = 55 5 ois oo eens o .. Johnson
Right Tackle.
Peat AE ao gcc hg ws aE 3ernard
Right Guard
Nochler ig eas a os Berlinghof
Center
lrédell (Bissett): 20. codivask eee Ofarul
Left Guard.
*WeatsOnl 5 i aware ss pee b= Seeders ba Maculay
Left Tackle
Plelimi ie Saari es ee oats Middleton
Left End
Mosher (Todd). ia). Fees arcs ts Bushman
Quarterback
Phinny (Ziegler) (Smith) ......... Wells
Right Halfback
Biegler: (Gross): diets. siete ie Sects: « Brennen

Left Halfback
Olcott (Smith) (Ziegler) . Higgins, (Capt.)
Fullback

Williams” (Capt. > weakest ane eso es Grief

Referee, Walsh, MacNeil. Umpire, Mac-
Neil, Walsh. Timekeeper, Wilscn. Field
judge, Morris. Linesmen, T. S. Voorhees,
Pitcher. Halves, 20 and 15 minutes.

PINGRY JUNIORS vs.
RUTGERS PREP. JUNIORS

Accompanied by Mr. Hall and some Prep.
men we took the 8.25 train for Elizabeth, ar-
riving there about ten minutes of nine and

proceeding at once to the ground. We prac-

THE ARGO.

ticed for a while until the Pingry men appear,
ed. They had put their average weight at
one hundred and five pounds, but they must
have weighed one hundred and twenty-five
pounds at least, while we were only one hun-
dred and ten. The game was called at 10.15
| men from the Pingry first and+ second

anc¢
against us, but we. were not

teams lined up

disheartened.
Hoe kicked off and we raced in upon them

and downed the man near the goal. We got
the ball on a fumble and Hoe mace a field
goal from the twenty-five yard line. Score 4-0.
~ We kicked off again and tackled the man
in his tracks. They were forced to kick and
their men got in upon us. We fumbled the
ball and after passing through several hands
they got it. There was nothing to stop them
and they went through for a touchdown... The
goal was kicked. Score 4-6. .

They kicked off and after a lot of buck-
ing their line by Captain Hoe and right half-
back Elmendorf we came to their goal. El-
mendorf made an end run and a touchdown,
but we failed to kick a goal on account of the
angle. Score 9-6.

We kicked off but the whistle blew and
the first half was up.

Second Half.

Nothing of particular interest occurred in
this half, as neither side scored. Although we
did not succeed in crossing their goal line,
we played a good, clean game. After giv-
ing them a cheer, we dressed and reced to the

‘station, catching the 11.43 back to New Bruns

wick. Our line up was as follows:

Right end, Ross; right tackle, Conger ; right
guard, Voorhees; centre, Richardsen: left
guard, Morrison; left tackle, Benner, ( Pren-
tiss); left end, Smith; quarterback, Searle;
R. B.; left halfback, Searle, R. W.; right
haliback, Elmendorf; fullback, Hoe, keagt)

Referee, Pingry captain. Umpire, Mr.
Hall. Timekeeper, Phinny. Halves, 20 and
15 minutes,
 

THE ARGO,

ANNEX NOTES
A BOSTON THANKSGIVING.

A long time ago this country was covered
with forests. There were no houses, no
streets, no stores, or large buildings of any
kind. Yet people lived here, These people
were Indians. They had no real houses, -but
lived in wigwams made of skins,

After a while, white people came to live
here. It was winter when they came. The
ground as frozen hard, so the farmers could
not plant wheat. They had fish, oysters and
clams to eat, but often they were hungry.

A ship which had been sent from England
was so long in coming over the ocean that al
thought it had been lost. The poor, hungry
people did not know what to do.

One day some South Boston boys were
playing on a hill near the water. They saw
a boat coming toward the shore. They knew
the ship would bring food for the hungry peo-
ple. Away they ran to tell their pirents and
neighbors. In a little while the boat landed
and was unloaded.

The people were glad and wanted a day in

which to thank thier Heavenly Father. They
went to church to pray and had a good time
at home.

Other people that came to Anierica had
special days for giving thanks. hey final-
ly agreed to keep the same day. Now we have
one Thanksgiving Day over the whole land.

FLORANCE SPEYERS.

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
following exchanges: The Echo, The Car-
dinal, The Polytechnic, The Poly Prep. Mag-
azine, The Targum, The Valkvrie, The
Tome, The Academy Journal, The High
School Register, Burlington, Vt.

Pupil (in Geometry)—“Oh! I don’t know
anything.”

Teacher—“That’s an axiom.”

Pupil—“Why ?”

Teacher—“Because it’s a self-evident
truth.”

23

R. Montalvo, Jr.

ELLS

PALDING’S GOODS
PORTING

ALSO

SHEET MUSIC

At New York Prices
Strings For All Musical Instruments

$1.00 DOWN

SECURES AN
EDISON PHONOGRAPH, VICTOR

TALKING MACHINE

Violin, Mandolin, Guitar or Banjo

R. MONTALVO, Jr.

209 Neilson St. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

The Landsberg Store

1, 2, 3 and 4 King Block.
New Brunswick’s only Department
Store, including Full Line of

MEN’S FURNISHINGS.
24 THE ARGO.

Jay—"l wonder if Prof. F. meant any- h P \W ll
thing by it;” O nN . a

Guy—"By what?”

Jay—“Why, he advertised a iceture on

‘Fools.’ and when I bought a ticket its said HIGH GRADE TAILORING...

‘Admit one !’"’—Ex.

 

Tae ED
It was Mary’s gwn idea. =
“Did you mail my letter, Mary 2" asked her
mistress. “It was an important one, you 145Church St.
know.”
“Yis mum, indeed I did.”
“But why have you brought zack two cents

New Brunswick
N. J.

I gave you for stamps?”

“Sure, I didn’t have to use it, mum,” re-
plied Mary. “I slipped the letter into the box
when nobody was lookin.” Ex.

Special
Discount
To Students

————————

 

Professor—“What are you laughing at,
sir? Not at me, [ hope.”

Student—“Oh, no, sir.”

Professor—‘Then what is there to laugh
at ?"—Ex.

 

Pr sae SUET STI

JACOB REED’S SONS = |

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are
studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men. }
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits, . . $12 to $40
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

Raincoats, . + 3 OS to, $59 !

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters. JACOB REED’S SONS
1424-1426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia |

  

 
THE ARGO,

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

=. 420 George street —_———_

es

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder.

, Soap, Combs, Brushes
Soda and Milk Shakes.

 

LOUIS LEITHEISER, GO TO. ..;
Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROS.,
For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St, Sporting Goods.
New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 DENNIS STREET.

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station

68 and 70 Albany St.

the Argo.
When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention

 

 

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.
Se ey
INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A.M., Ph.D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ROBERT E. LEWIS, A.B., Vice Principal, English and History.
CLINTON B. WILBUR, A.B., Greek, English, French.
CHARLES E. HALL, A.B., Mathematics.
H. HARRISON AVERILL, A.B., Science Master.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sce.M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A.B., German.
MISS HELEN SEARLE, A.B. Latin.

parecer

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.
MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL.
MISS ADELINE L. TOWER,

Instructors.

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master.
New Brunswick, N. J.
