 

 

 

Volume XVIII April Number Seven
THE ARGO.

II

Rutgers College and Rutgers Sent Schoo

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

THE CLASSICAL. DEPARTMENT
Is Broad and Thorough

m, affords

apd by arevisionand enlargement of the curriculu
out the

unusual facilities tor Elective Courses through
Junior and Senior years in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the ffull four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
the degree of A. B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B, Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT,

is the New Jersey State College for the
ase ‘ad the Sfee fie Arts, benefit of Agricul-
n this Department there are six fi

leading to the first degree in science, B. ia evar eemy. Gace:
1 - (coneee {2 Agriculture. ;
Sourse in Civil Engineering and Me

$. A Course in Chemistry. . sonal

4. A Course in Electricity.

5. A Course in Biology.
6. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
Anda short course of two years in Cerami

not Irad toa degree. een
For catalogues and other information, address IRVING

S, UPSON, Registrar
W. H. 8. DEMAREST, D. D., LL. D., President.

30

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING

Of Every Description.

B.U.TAPKEN,

JEWELER,
Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

 

All Kinds of Society Emblems
Made to Order.

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Veiour Curtains.
Lapses Missrs’ and ew sock or DRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P. J. Young Dry Gocds, Co., 2ouRe STREET.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please montion the Argo.

SUITS AND JACKETS,
THE ARGO.

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

FARMS BOUGHT, SOLD, RENTED AND
EXCHANGED

 

349 GEORGE ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWART’S HAT STORE

(Established 75 Years)

CAPS, DRILL GLOVES, AND FURNISHINGS
CHURCH STREET, NO. 29.

 

THE SHGE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

Tn patent leather, wax calf, box calt
and vioi kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOR HOUSE,

9 Prace Sr New Brenswrex.

 

GES 9 55676455546 6O08

 

0. 0. STILLMAN, I. S. VAN DERVEER
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN,

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins | P h otog ra p h e r

Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations,

45 CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.

S. ZIMMERMAN | L. VOLKERT,
BARBER Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES | $59 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE ST. | New Brunswick, N. J,

 

When patronizing the stores advertised tn our columns, please mention the Argo.
IV THE ARGO.
RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICK AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPILION.

380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. y.

Sweaters, LY ONS & PARK ER, Track Suity

Jerseys, Athletic Wear.
Clothiers and Furnishers I Paterson Block.

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds OF |

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

Jacob Weber, |
MERCHANT - TAILOR, .

417 George St.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WILLIAM J. SENG'S

Rutgers Prep. School

HAGAMAN & CRATER

For styles that lead—we
are well known No bet-
ter Clothing made than
Stein Bloch for the price
Headquarters for Sweat-
ers.

| No. 96 Church Street §

Shoe Stores.

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.
Repairing Neatly Done.

Remember the two stores,
48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

   

|
}
|
|
|
|

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
 

_THE

 

VoL. XVIIL.

New Brunswick, N, J., APRIL, 1907. No,

@ THE BLUE-BIRD 2

 

“I say, Jud,” said Lee Redford, throwing
down the pick he had been using, “aren’t you
sick of this old mine? Here we’ve been work-
ing over a year now, and haven’t got enough
out of it to keep us in groceries. i guess we
would starve if it weren’t for Hannah and the
men—Let’s quit it.”

“Well, Lee, I surely am discouraged, but
as it is we manage to get along somehow,
while if we did give up the mine, how would
we live?”

“We could join the next band of mule-
drivers that goes over the mountain and in
two or three trips we could make enough to
buy two mules and start business tor our-
selves.”.

“That certainly is a good idea, Jud. I won-
der why we didn’t think of it before? If we
stay here in this old worked-out mine, it isn’t
likely we'll ever get a cent ahead; but if we
start in as you suggest, we may save some-
thing after a while, and besides we'll be going
to different places and we may hear something
of our fathers—yes, I think it would be best.
Come on, let’s stop right here. brig your
tools up to the camp and we'll tell Hannah
about it.” So saying, Lee shoulderea his pick
and spade, took up his dinner pail and lan-
tern, and made his way out of the mine close-
ly followed by his chum.

The above conversation toux ptace some
years ago, between two boys—Judson Bailey
and Lee Redford. Lee was fourteen now and
Judson, or Jud, as he was called, was one
year his junior. ‘The boys’ mothers were both
dead, and six years before, their fathers had

taken the gold craze and come «est. By some
chance they had become -acquainted with one
Pedro Gomez, a Mexican, better known in
that part of the country as “Slippery Pete,”
and these three had bought up a prosperous

mine and worked it with good results. Han-
nah, a faithful colored nurse, had accompanied
Mr. Redford and in that rough mining-town
had brought up the two boys like none of “de
low whit’ trash,” of the commun cy.

For three years the Bluebird mine yielded
good washings, but then she began to fail.
Nuggets became more and more scarce until
finally the partners agreed to abandon her
and seek new diggings. So one morning the
three set out over the mountain trail, ieaving
Jud and Lee and Hannah behind.

That was two years ago and since then
neither Mr. Redford nor Mr. Bailey have
been seen. Slippery Pete had come back after
a month’s absence, with a pitiful tale of his
companions. ‘The three were traveling along
a narrow path on the brink of a precipice.
when Mr. Redford’s horse slipped and fell.
Mr, Bailey ran to his friend’s assistance, but
in his haste he tripped over a loose stone and
the two had plunged into the chasm below.
After searching a week for the missing men,
Pedro had given them up as dead and re-
turned with the sad news. He worked the
old mine for a while, then in remembrance of
his former comrades and pity for their sons,
as he said, he sold his share of the mine to
Uannah for five hundred of the stx hundred
dollars she had so carefully saved up. Al-
thought the boys were young they realized their
THE ARGO.

66

and set to work in their nine to keep
f need until their fathers
whom they could never

think of as dead. After nearly a year and a
half of work the mine had turned out so little
that without the aid of the kind-hearted min-
ers, they could scarcely have gotten along.
Under these circumstances the conversation
with which our story opens took piace. The
boys had decided to be mule-drivers, but this
was destined never to be.

That night, after their evening meal, the
boys told Hannah of their plan and after some
time she consented and now the boys only
awaited their chance.

Although during the early part of the night
the sky was clear, toward morning ra‘ clouds
began to form and by the time the boys were
up a storm was raging fiercely. For four days
the rain kept up. Streams were swolien and
mines flooded. On the morning of the fifth
day, the clouds broke away and the sun came
out, But it was some time before the miners
could get into their mines and when they did
get in destruction was very evident. The
water had loosened the roofs of the drifts and
it would require a great deal of labor to throw
out. the dirt which had caved in.

“Tee,” said Jud, one morning, “let’s go
down into the Bluebird and see what she looks
like.”

“All right, come on,” said Lee.

The Bluebird was no exception to the mines
in the vicinity. The roof of tne fest drift
had fallen, filling it up; the side of the second
bad caved in, leaving only a small passage-
way. The hoys slowly made their way up the
heap of dirt and--all at once Lee’s foot struck
something hard and he went sprawling down
to the bottom. “Say, Jud, what did I strike
my toe against? It sounded hollow. Look and
see what it 1s.”

, “O, Lee, come here quick; it’s x box! Catch
hold and help me take it out where we can
see what it is.”

‘The boys dragged the boy out of the drift

position
themselves out 0
should came back,

and examined it. They found it to

: b
pine box with heavy hinges, having rom
plate on the top engravel wich a Silver
th the

ary

Thomas Redford, James Baney th Words
y¥—thei

savings.” “Hurrah! Lee, it is our “ joint
safe. Now that they are gone it bee
Ns to

us. See if vou can open it.”

“No, I have tried already.
to force off the hasp. It is too late y:
tonight and it is too heavy for us to ae that
to camp, so the best thing we can io =
leave it here over night. Here, push e =
this dark corner and throw some loose — .
over it. No one would ever see it there Z =
if they knew it was in the mine, I don’t ie
lieve. Come on, let’s go home. We wo :
mention this to Hannah until we have bat
out what it contains.”

As the boys were leaving the mine, they
were not pleased to see the crafty face of
Slippery Pete looking down at them. “Hullo
boys! What were you shoutin’ sj for? Find
some nuggets, or a short way to China, or a
box of money? Just comin’ down to see what
was up. Well, s’long. I’m goin’ away to
spend the night with a friend oi mine up the
trail.”

“Lee,” said Jud, after he had gone, “I don't
like that fellow. He may have been a friend
of our parents, but just the same I think he
knows more about them than he is making
out; at any rate I wish he hadn’t heard us
shout when we found that box. 1 didn’t know
we said anything so loud, did you? But I
suppose we must-have.”

“©, I don’t believe he’ll think much about it
Jud. Besides you know he said he was going
away to stay over night and by tomorrow this
time we'll have it opened and whatever there
is in it hidden. Don’t say anything more
there’s Hannah looking for us.”

The next morning as soon as they ate th
breakfast, the boys took some tools and start-
ed for the mine. ‘They could scarcely keep
from running, so eager were they tv get t
work on the box. On coming to the min&

We will have

heir
THE)ARGU. . 67

ther-ded mot sotice the square imprints im the
mod at the entrance nor ded they see the mar-
row track made by some vehicle nearby
tearing down the pile of lose boards from
over the box. Suddenly Lee excisimey, “Jud,
we Gdn't pile these boards up this war, they
heve been moved. O, i hope noome has taken
our box!” Franticaliy now they threw off the
hoards and found the hox—gome. ~ well, it’s
gome somewhere, and &% certainly cold aot
heve gone Ga by itseli. Someone either has
taken it or has hidden & somewhere Let's
look 2ronnd for #.~

For half an hour the boys looked, bet no
box did they see. Sadly they went ont of
the mine. “Oh, Lock here, Jud, here's the
print of something square It has been oor
box as sure as the world. Someone has let it
down in the mud, yes here are toot-prints lead-
ing out this way and here's a barrow track—
look, it leads out toward the trail. I see t
now. Someone has stolen the box and carried
i of. I think the best thing we can dois to
go tell Sheriff Shinn about i.”

The blent sherid listened keenly to the boys’
recital, then began to question them. Strange
to say the boys did not mention Slippery Pete
in their story, but in answering the questions
it came out and when Sheriff Shinn dismissed
the boys he was pretty certain who wes guilty.
He went at once to the mine and examined
the tracks. Soon a crowd of sympathetic
men collected. All expressed great pity and

friendliness for the boys and the one who ex-
pressed himself particularly friendly was
Slippery Pete.

In the crowd was a stranger. He ker: silent,
but constantly scanned the faces of those
about him. At last his eyes lighted up and
meking his way up to a man on the edge of the
crowd he began to speak: “Men,” sa:d he, “]
2m a stranger here. 1 came last night, sent
irom Denver by miners who once lived among
you. I was delayed on the way and it was
about one o'clock last night when I came

along here. | happenedto be commgy along
the trail about epposite this place pretty quiet-
ly. when all 2t once I saw a horse in front of
me. I didn’t say anrthing and stepped one
side. Then i noticed-the horse-was without
a rider. Soon i heard voices and I saw two
men coming from this mine with a wheel-
herrow._As they came nearer, I saw they had
2 box and by the war ther were working I
jedecd it must be pretty heavy. They came
wp to the horse and Inaded the box on it.
damping the barrow down the gulir. I fol-
lowed the horse becacse I feit sare there must
be some crooked work going on. I saw where
the box was put and I saw the faces of the
robbers. They were the man whom you call
Slippery Pete and this man here, Jack Champ,
etherwise Captain John C. Busch.”

Tke two men were quickly surrounded,
then again the stranger spoke: “It is a pe-
culiar thing that at one time I should find the
focr persons whom | wanted to find more
than you can imagine. Some years ago I was
a sailor on a small steamer owned by that man
Captain John C. Busch. I must admit that
our business was not always of the most hon-
est kind. One day, some two years ago, there
e2me on board our ship three men, miners
prospecting for gold, they appeared to be.
They went below and immediately we put off
from land. These three men were homas
Redford, James Bailey and Pedro Gomez. At
once I suspected a plot so I listened at the
cabin door to hear what was said. I heard
that the three had been partners in a mining
venture which for a time had turned oxt well
then failed. Gomez had lost his money by
gambling and now demanded of tue other
two their money for their release from the
ship. This they refused to do. Some days
aiterward, on account of their stubbornness,
Captain Busch turned Redford and Bailey
adrift on the sea in a smll row-boat. I was
tired of the life I was leading, so when I got

 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 69.

 
THE ARGO.

68

The Argo.
Published Bfonthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

WILLIAM H. MAC DONALD,
Editor-in-Chief.

ALLEN F. MARCLEY, Alumni Notes.

EODORE N. POCK MAN
EVELYN VS. KNOX.
ALAN D. caiteaE Irs

YD B. OLCO
EE eRKSON be P. STELLE, { News
HEWETLTE E. JOYCE,

W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
ANTON KAVEN, Jn., Annex Notes.

ONT PF. ELMENDORE. |
TRACY 3. VOORHEES, Business Managers.

Literary E.itors.

 

 

Subscripuon price, per year, 15 cents.

All communications should be alilressed to the Editor in-
Chief, R. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J.. and must be
accompanied with the name ot the author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

On Friday, September 18, we knocked out
a jong, swift fly ball. We started for first
base and reached it December 20. From De-
cember 20 until March 29, by extra sprinting
we reached third. From now until June 12,
we have the way from third to home-plate
stretching out before us. If it were a game
of base-ball how we would exert ourselves to
gain the goal. ‘The last term of the school

year is ahead of us and before we can realize
it, it will be behind us. When it is behind
us will we be proud to look back upon it or
will we not? That is a question each must
answer for himself. And may each one answer
it in the way he knows it should be answered

and from now until the close of school prove

his answer a true one.
er ES

Now that the hard winter 1s over, end our
basket-ball team has played out its schedule

we turn to base-ball.

One thing in which Americans may pride
themselves is base-ball. The first organization
for playing the game was the Knickerbocker
Base-Ball Club, of New York City, formed
September 23, 1845. In the years since then
how the game has grown; now thousands
play it, and millions flock to see it played. It
has become our national game. But why this
rapid growth? Why so much interest shown
for it? ‘The reason is this—there is no other
outdoor sport now in vogue in America that
equals base-ball either as an exciting sport te
witness or as a game offering healthy and
manly exercise. A match game scarcely lasts
two hours, but from the instant the ball is ir
play until the end of the gamie interest is al-
ways kept up and opportunities are afforded
for displays of courage, pluck, activity and
quick thinking. On the other hand great
skill is required in handling a bat well and
sound judgment and nerve are required for
running the bases. ‘The whole making an un-
equaled exercise for mind and body. It is a
game suited to Americans.

We are Americans and we like baseball
Surely something is w rong with the boy whe
does not like this, the truest and most health-
ful of sports. The one fault with the game in
a school like ours, is that only nine men can
represent the whole in match games with
other schools. But afternoons more than nine
men may play. Come out and have a game
with the fellows. Who knows you may prove
vourselé skillful enough to be one of the
lucky nine, and even if you are not, and hour's
play of baseball will do you more personal

good than the same time spent in alteast any
other way.
THE ARGO.

ALUMNI NOTES.

‘98, B. L. Cropsey has gone to China to
take a position with Dunning & Co., importers
: hai. He will be absent two years.

at Shang

‘o4, A. J. Kilmer has been elected an asso-
ciate editor of the “Spectator” at Columbia
University.

The marriage of W. B. Collier, ’03, to Miss
Frona Stone, of Denver, Colorado, has been
announced. Dr. Collier’s residence is to be
oo South Broadway, Denver.

‘96, M. S. Purdy was married Wednesday.
April roth, to Miss Laura Kathryn Hopper, in
the First Reformed Church, Hackensack, N. J.

Jix-'o7, Raymond J. Hendrickson, who has
been compelled to leave school on account of
his eyes, is associated with the firm of J. Hen-
drickson & Co., manufacturing stationers, New
York City.

The marriage of G, FE, Shettle, ’00, to Miss
Florence Mlizabeth Reddell, took place at St.
Mark's Church, Brooklyn, Wednesday, April
3d. Shettle was editor of the Argo while in
our school, and the Argo extends to him its
hearty congratulations,

Professor A, 1, Boulton, Professor of Teng
lish in New York University, will spent next
year in study abroad, Professor Boulton was
instructor in Greek and lnglish in our sehool
for two years, and left in ‘99 to take the po:
sition in N.Y. U,, whieh he has held ever
since, Professor Boulton's wife was instructor
inthe Annex, when she was Miss MeNair,

lix-og, Judson Dunlap, of Hlizaveth, who is
attending: school at Mereersburg, was a visitor
at the Trap” recently,

Howie Ry Harris has opened an office for
the general practice of law at No, 1o Wall
Mreet, Borough of Manhattan, New York,

‘Or, Charles P, Wilber, was praduated on
Mareh yth from the Yale Forestry School
With the depree of Master of Forestry,

‘06, Mins Mary Gillespie, who ns wow ate
tending Mt, Holyoke, visited the school on
the last day of the winter term,

69
NOTES ABOUT SCHOOL.

Mr. Powell tells us that in some mines there
is so much gas that often you have to drop to
your feet.

We have heard that strange things happen
in coal mines, but it must be wonderful to see
men walking around on their hands.

 

W—k, as his French sentences are being
corrected on the board—O, I left out a letter
there. I re-copied it wrong,

Nothing like being plain spoken, W—k.

 

A very prominent member of the third form
Virgil class defines a tobacco vender as one
who chews tobacco.

 

The Fourth-form wonders why “Chet” Ly-

all changed his seat in the English class,
Seat

B—m—nn, (who has been asked to take a
front seat during a Latin examination) —Mr,
Powell, T have done fiv questions ; may [ take
a back seat to do these principal parts?

Yes, Wyk, we are all wishing for the fine
weather; many of us also look “swell” in a
straw hat,

Some definitions from the second and third
forms:’ Placid, “a kind of dress”; Chiffonier,
“aman who runs an auto's Diaphragm, “that
Which is used jin Baglist’s Dyspepsia, “a
kind of decease”; Hypocrite, “a fool: Hydro-
phobia, “dead water’; Coercion, “a clerk”;
Concession, “a giants Insurrection, “being
raised from the dead,”

THE BLUEBIRD,
CONTINUDD PROM PAQI 6%,

achance T put off too, but with a good lot of
provisions, Teame up to the omer boat, and
Knowing those parts pretty well, | managed to
Hit an island before the next night, During
70

that night, however, the tide washed away our

boats. On this island we stayed for over a
a on” i
year. ‘Iwo months ago we maanged to hail

a steamer which brought us back ce civiliza-
tion. We made our way to Denver waere my
two companions stopped to attend to some
business. ‘They sent me on here to find out
how their boys had fared. Now you can tell
how I felt about finding these two men here
also, and in the very act of taking the money
they had tried so desperately to obtain. As
for myself, I am quite willing to turn state’s
evidence against Captain Busch, or Jack
Champ, as you know him, for carrying on a

THE ARGO.

smuggler’s trade along the coast. I hope this
will clear-me. Now I want someone to vol-
unteer to get that box with me and then I
want to talk to these boys about their fathers.”
It is needless to say that very seon Jud and
Lee were united with their fathers. Jack
Champ and Slippery Pete were sentenced to
a long term in prison. Robert Parkins, as the
stranger who did so much for the boys proved
to be, was taken in partnership with the two
old miners forming together the Bluebird
Mining Company, which soon afterward be- -

ame one of the richest and most powerful

Cc
Pp. K., '07.

companies in that section.

THE PLAN THAT FAILED

One summer afternoon in 1854 Hank Hardy
agin a dark corner of the stable
He was the stable-boy at
’ the principal building in

was sittit
cleaning harness.
the “Red Lion Inn,’
a small town in Kentucky.

At that time the whole country was stirred
up about the slavery question. The Northern-
ers tried to keep the runaway slaves from the
officers pursuing them and in most cases
were succeeding very well.

While Hank was quietly at work, two rid-
ers came up to the stable-door and. not see-
ing anyone around to take. their horses, pro-
ceeded to stable them themselves.

“Don’t they have any stable-boy around
here?’’’ asked one. “I'm too tired to turn
my horse in myself, but I guess I'll have to

Say, Ferd, did I tell you how I succeeded? I
is around to hear. They say

that they work the ‘underground railsoad

quite a lot around these parts. I was talking
toa Mr. Hardy down by the mill. I told him
I had come to rouse Up the people against
slavery, and showed him some copies of the
‘T iberator.’ Hardy said that they were pretty
well roused. up already and then he told me
what..was going ‘on. I guess. no one would

guess no one

suspect that we are officers after runaway

slaves.”
Hank had stopped short and was listening

intently. Then the man continuea with a
chuckle, “Yes, Hardy told me that he was go-
ing down with a big wagon to the mill at
six o'clock tomorrow morning to get some
e same time some fugitives
would transfer to his
a lot in theit

grain and at th
whom another party
wagon. I guess the miller helps
game. Now, Ferd, do you know what Vil do!

Of course Hardy doesn’t suspect anything

and will come back from the min right past

Now I will be out in front of the tavern

kere.
comes along

talking to the men and when he c
I'll hold him up in great style. I tell you
we'll get those niggers all right. We'll teach
these people a lesson.” — “Well, that’s fine
Abe.” said Ferd, “we'll make a good capture,

but be sure and keep up our disguise. Let’s

get a front room, so we can watch the road,’
and the two men sauntered toward the house
As soon as they were inside, Hank Dolted out
the back door of the stable and made for home
as fast as he could run across the fields.

The family were just sitting down to sup-

per when he burst into the hovse. He tock
and_ told: him all that he had

his father aside
THE ARGO, yt

Mr, Hardy was at once disturbed

aard.
on k, 1 did tell him all that and I won-

“Yes, Han
dered at the time it | wasn’t a fool to do it
put he talked so much against slavery that I
wanted him to know we were doing something
here. But still, Hank, I think we can get
around those officers.”

Here Mr. Hardy whispered earnestly into
his son’s ear for a minute and then both smil-
ing, they sat down to eat.

‘As it happened two other men were smiling
at the same time, but at the other siae of the
prospect. The next morning the two men at
the Inn were up early and lounging around
the front door talking earnestly about the
current events from a Northerner’s point oi
view. As six o'clock drew near, unconscious-
ly they kept a close watch on the rod from
the mili. No one came! Had their plan been
discovered? But just then-a covered wagon
slowly came into sight, seemingly full of grain.
The men looked at each other and tried not
to be excited, but they could not help it when
they saw their prey coming right into their
hands. Just before the wagon got to the Inn
the driver, who was none other tuan Mr.
Hardy, started the horses on a trot and acted
very uneasily. When he came opposite the
Inn both the strangers pulled out ugly look-
ing pistols and commanded “Halt!”

All the loungers shrank back, frightened,
but Hardy only whipped up his horses and
made a desperate effort to get away. A shot
rang out—then came a shriek and a black
face appeared above the grain bags. “Get my
horse,” commanded both the men at once, but
as no one seemed inclined to do so they rushed
to the stable and got the horses themselves
This took time, however, and by the time they
were mounted the wagon was nearly half a
mile down the road. Then the chase began!
But the horses drawing the wagon were tired
aud could not keep up their mad pace much
longer. The men were overtaking the wagon!
Hardy saw them coming nearer and nearer!

Then they got out their pistols! He could do
nothing else, so he pulled up his horses,

“We arrest vou on a charge of aiding in the
escape of slaves,”

“But L have no slaves in this wagon,” pro-
tested Mr, Hardy,

“No slaves,” yelled the man and he jumped
on the wagon and there in the middle of the
meal bags was — Hank Hardy! with his face
just the color of his black hair!

“The joke’s on you this time, Mr. Ufficer,”
said Hardy, “by the time you get back to the
Inn those slaves will be miles from here. J
had some wagons start with them over the
back road just before I started up past the
Inn and I guess now they are out of your
reach. This fellow here is just clouded up
for the occasion with a burnt cork. 1 hap-
pened to hear of your arrival and so got the
lead on you this time. You can’t arrest me
for I didn’t touch the slaves. I just watched
them go. Now, Mr. Officer, before we part
I'd like to wish you better luck next time.”

POCKMAN.

AN INCIDENT OF MY LIFE.

My master is an officer in the United States
army and I am his best friend. My name is
Custer. I am a bull-dog. My master. has
taught me a number of tricks, especially to
love the flag of my country. I am allowed to
accompany him on his campaigns. ’

Once we were on a campaign against a
band of savage Indians who had massacred
people and burned their homes. I was lying
in the shade inside the tent. My master was
on duty, but there was a sentinel in front of
the tent. Suddenly | heard a shot_followed by
a savage yell, but I did not stir as I knew the
Indian had been shot. The sentinel poked his
head into the tent and reached for a canteen;
then I heard a second shot and a groan from
the soldier and a dozen savages rushed up
tore down the flag, and ran off.

I ran to the men on guard, who had heard
the shots, and then I led the way back to our
72

tent. 1 soon found where the enemy had
gone and ‘being encouraged by my master, we
set out in pursuit. Each man hunted by him-
self, while my master and I went together.

As we were going along I caine upon a
sight that angered me. ‘There was that gang
of Indians rubbing the flag in the faces of
seme of the soldiers who had accompanied
my master to the woods. Just then something
interested me even more. I heard a rustling
of ieaves behind me and on turning I saw two
Indians attack my master. He succeeded in
killing these, but received in his right arm
an arrow which made him drop his weapon.
He was then bound and taken back by those
Indians 1 had seen in the camp.

I was roused by what I saw. t-¢ and the
other men were bound to posts and whipped
then left under the care of one Indian. He
set fire to the flag, after stamping on it, and
threw it on the ground; then he went .nto the
wigwam. I saw my chance, and running to
my master, viciously tugged at the rope which
bound him until finally I broke it. Then I
grabbed the flag, and jumping on it, at last
put out the fame. But I had set the wigwam
on fire. Out ran the Indian, and my master
who had taken up a gun which he nau rounc
lying on the ground, shot him dead.

Then my master scribbled 2 note and tied
it to my collar telling me to go to the camp.
I ran with all my might and soon was com-
ing back with a detachment of soldiers. It
was not long before they entered into the
fight against the Indians, who were threaten-
ing to kill my friends. We came off victori-
ous and I was taken back and pres«nted to

the general as the “preserver of the flag.”
H. FP. SMITH.

 

A TWICE-TOLD TALE.
The Tale (Tail) of a Rattle Snake.

Once upon a time, a gentleman, while upon
his daily walk in the woods, and hearing a
peculiar rattle, poked curiously about among

TIIE ARCO.

the bushes. He was sure a rattle-snake was
making the noise; yet he was not afraid, for
he was protected by his high walking boots
and his cane. Just off the path he zoxnd <
snake unable to move because of a stone lying
on its head. Cautiously the gentleman re-
moved the rock and waited ¢o see what the
snake would do. Instead of striking, the rat-
tler rubbed its head against its benefactor’:
boot and rattled its tail gently, just us a cat
would purr. As the man tu:neu to go, the
snake followed, but was forced to stop when
they came to a brook.

Every time after this when he went into
this region, the rattler was sure to appear and
follow him. At last he decided to take it
home and make a pet of it—he was a bachelor
and there was no one to object. But when his
friends found out “what that was in the box
behind the stove,” their visits became less fre-
quent, for they did not feel comfortable in the
same room with this strange pet. Finally they
did not come at all, until an event occurrec
which convinced every one of them of the
value of the rattler as a friend.

One night after the bachelor had been asleep
for some time, he was awakened by a great
commotion down stairs. Upon investigation
he found the snake wound about a burglar, its
fangs buried deep in his flesh and its tail out

of the window, rattling for a policeman!
: ‘08.

Anusy Botes,
Henry W’. Longfellow.

When Henry W. Longfellow was a boy he
spent many happy days on his grandfather’s
farm. The thing he loved most, was in the
long winter evenings to sit before the old-
fashioned fire place, while his grandfather told
him stories about Indians. As he grew to be
a man he read many interesting books. He
went to strange lands far from the old farm
house, but he never forgot the stories his
grandfather told him. One day he gave them

tn
THE. ARGO.

orld in that wonderful story of Indian
gend of Hiawatha.
ALLEN F. CONGER.

to the W
life, the le

Longfellow’s Arm-ciiair,

For many years Mr. Longfellow lived in
Cambridge, Mass. He wrote many veautiful
poems for children, and made many friends
The spreading chestnut tree which he tells
of in one of his poems, grew near his boy-
hood home. It was cut down, but the wood
had been carefully laid away. All the school
children of Cambridge wanted to give him a
present for his seventy-second birthday. The
children had a beautiful arm-chair maue from
the wood, with a loving message carved on it.
Longfellow was greatly pleased with the chair
and thanked the children for it in a poem
called “From My Arm-Chair.”

J. NEWTON SailTH.

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
following exchanges: The Oracle, The Car-
dinal, The Tome, The Cutler Fortnightly, The
High School Register, The Spectator, The
Targum. The Academy Journal, The Valkyrie,
The Advocate.

Picked from the Excuse File:
Dear Mister Professor Pringle:
Could you be so kind as to excuse my boy

 

Robinson’s Market,
99 Church St,
PHONE 2 3R NEW BRUNSWICK
Full line of Fancy Groceries

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods
and Home made Candies
may be found at

SR ANS

Phone 310 J. 71 Church St.

 

-

~
o

=KANDOLPH

Foto-grafer.

Studio, 319 George St,

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students
College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

 

The Landsberg Store

1, 2, 3 and 4 Kine Biocx
New Brunswick's only Department
Store including full line of Men’s Fur-
nishings.

 

Bradley’s Fharmacy

Students’ discount to per cent. You
are entitled to it.
74 THE ARGO.

Johnny for not goin’ to schule yesterday the
reason is because i wanted to wash his stock- O h nN P Wal |
ings, this won’t happen again this year. ° Cc

Much obliged,
Mrs. ——Ex.

 

 

«HIGH GRADE TAILORING..

 

Prof. X.—‘What does tabular mean?”

Pupil—“Like a table.”

Prof. X.—‘“What?”

Pupil—"You know; square like a cube.”

Prof. X—“If you make any more mistakes
like that, your mark will be round like a lem-
on.” Advocate.

15Churck St.

——.

New Brunswick

Rejected Suitor—“Well, I may be poor, but N. J.

I once rode around in a carriage.”
Unsympathetic Girl—“Yes, when your
mother pushed it.”—Ex,

Special
Discount
~ To Students

 

Tommy—“I looked through the key-hole
when Sis was in the parlor with her beau
last night.”

Father—‘What did vou find out, my son?”

 

“The lamp, sir.”—E.v.

 

 

 

    
   
  

9X and the
REED S College Man’s Clothes
AUTUMN SUITS and OVER- Are you acquainted with Reeds’ and their

College Men’s Clothing.

COATS, FURNISHINGS Do you realize that their College business
is probably the largest of any outfitting house

wa tiEADWEAR a in the country?

Nothing is gained without effort—success

and Outfittings Generally breeds success. The right kind of goods at
fair prices have made this great business pos-

are ready sible.

REED'S 1424-1426 Chestnut St, Philadelphia

 
THE ARGO.

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

———_ 420 George street Se EE Can

ee

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder
Soda and Milk Shakes.

CHARLES TAM™M

BOOKS, STATIONERY and
SPORTING GOODS 44 ALBANY: ST.

LOUIS LEITHEISER, GO "TO wai

Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROs.,

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St. Sporting Goods.

50 Dennis Srreer.

» Soap, Combs, Brushes

New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

far
e

 

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station.
68 and 70 Albany St.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo

 

 
ee ver:

 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J

FOUNDED 1766.
Een ee
INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pz. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. M., Greek and English Master.
LINN R. BILANCHARD, ‘A. B., Latin Master,
J. LESTER ROBINS,B. S., Mathematics -
RHYS POWELL, A.B., Science Master.
VINTON D. TOMPKINS, Military Drill.
t MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.

MISS SARAH STARR, A. B. French and History.

See

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, | Instructors.
For particulars address :
ELIOT R,. PAYSON, Head Master.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
