THE ARGO.

Vou. VI. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.. NOVEMBER, 1894. No. 2.

5 developing a good education ; and if he is
TH E ARGO : a good foot-ball :

player. he should

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SOHOOL. THAR, BY THE carry some particular effort to its com- |
Rutgers College Preparatory School. pletion, and have some specified inten- }
= ——— tion in view to encounter the greatest |
BOARD OF EDITORS: difficulty successfully.
Without a definite aim or purpose, a

CLARENCE GARRETSON, '95. es :
Senior Editor. man will neyer be able to rise above the

WILLIAM NEVINSON JEND dead level of mediocrity. He will be list-

CHARLES WARDELL JONES. ss i 7] ey q ag: e vi eor-
TEALPGL ORO WHELNTOOURUER: less in what he undertakes; he w ill neg:
FRANK LATIMAR JANEWAY. lect the study of details; he will, so to
os vee Sie ee speak, attempt to build a house without
JOHN ELIOT WOODBRIDGE, '96 laying a foundation, the inevitable result |

HUGH piGEr MoDON ALD = of which will be that his edifice will fall

Glas Haastin®: ge 2 to the ground with a crash.
DAVID CRAWFORD WEIDNER, RALPH WILCOX BOOTH, He will, fora time adopt one pursuit
sruainese A : ‘ z =
ee ee after another, with the overweening confi-

Gearon ae et ne a dence of a Napoleon, and work by fits and

sartll communications sould be addressed 9 the Senior Taitor starts with feverish energy ; but, finding
ce n ist be accompanied with the name of 5
Ce oe es ae S27 that success does not qui follow, he

will lose heart, and suddenly resign him-
Extract from the History of Rutgers College, by Prosessor S. self to a purposeless ex nee, foolishly
1. Doolittle, in ‘* The College Book.” — casting the blame on fortune, while all
‘There has always been in connection with the college t cope
grammar school which, during the darkest days of the put himself can clearly see that he alone
colleg’, never closed its doors, but went on successfully in is in fault.
accomplishing good work.”” z
What a contrast does a man of the op-
posite character present! He has set be-
ROBABLY some of our freshmen have fore his eyes a clearly defined object. He

aconcealed literary talent; if so is resolved, for example, to attain the
they would confer a great favor by giving highest possible eminence in his profession;
a few evidences thereof to the editor. and, to that end he steadily labors, day
Good contributions are thankfully re- after day, year afteryear. All his aims
ceived ; better ones in proportion. ave concentrated, on that one object.

= With never ceasing perseverance, he
VERYONE, no matter what his posi- treads the only path that can lead him to
tion in life may be, ought to have the fruition of his hopes. Make haste

some particular goal in view, towards slowly, is his motto. He is fully persuaded
which he should be ever striving. If he is that in order to attain the height of his
a stuJent in school, he should make ambition, a straight, undeviating course

efforts to utilize every opportunity in ‘must be followed. He does not strive