 

 

 

 

 

AMM

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ET

 

 

 

 

 

 

LPL DPD

 

WD

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vol.

FEBRUARY,
XXIl

WH Macran i

1911
No. 5

 
 

-The College Store..

WE FIT THE HARD TO FIT
SUIT OR OVERCOAT
Made to Your Measure

$16.50 Up, Try our
Leader $22.50 .

Always Something New in Haberdashery

O’Neill’s Church Street

 

 

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be found at

BRUNS

Fountain Open During Winter Season

 

 

Phone 310-J. 71 CHURCH ST.

     

JERSEYs,
SWEATERS,

al
a
fe
Li]
z
LJ
oO
B.

= | CLOTHIERS

U. TAPKE

Jeweler

ALL KINDS OF SOCIETY EMBLEMS MADE
TO ORDER

 

 

111-113 CHURCH ST.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute

SCHOOL of \\
2% ENGINEERING

Civil, Mechanical, Electrical
Send for a Catalogue. T ROY, N Ve

 

Compliments of
A Friend.

RANDOLPH
FOTO-GRAFER

STUDIO, 319 GEORGE ST.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.
Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.
College Snaps.

We Make a Special Little Picture.
CALL AND SEE US.

*Phone 554-J.

 

 

Open Evenings Till 10.30

The Albany
Delicatessen,

Cold Meats Cheese Canned Goods
Sandwiches

{17 Albany Street, Cor. George Street

 

Those Smart Looking, Close
Fitting Collars are

“RED MAN BRAND”

And You can Get them of

Stewart & Clayton
109 CHURCH STREET

Established 81 Years

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tue Arco,
-THE ARGO 17

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vip

ALEIE AA, 040,

GG

Mist.) | TC =

_ NG) eee Ye!
TS (“rel An
— _ ll ina

pe Cif

/ /, “YY
YS LA
Vy)

Dry “ AL

 

 

 

 

|

Yj

!

 

 

 

 

GD
“Mt

THE TRAIL AND THE TRIAL.

Mr. Springfield landed in the little town of
Gray Wolf, which was not very large and
was 1n no way connected with the improve-
ments of the fast gaining world. He was
looking for a certain Clarence Woods, who
was an old hunter and woodsman. After a
short while, Springfield succeeded in finding
him and started right out on his subject. His
plan, it seems, was to take quite a trip in the
forests and do some hunting and fishing. He
needed a guide and had come to Clarence
Woods.

After some discussion the old man shook
his head and sadly replied, “I am too old to
trap and hunt now, and I do not wish to at-
tempt it. Over on the’ other side of Gray
Wolf lives a young man who makes a business
of hunting, as I once did, and I know he will
be just the man you are looking for.”

The stranger was somewhat disappointed
at this, but as it was late, he asked if he could
spend the night there. The old man nodded
his head, and calling to his wife told her that
there would be one more for supper and also
for the night.

After the supper was over the old man
called the stranger over in front of the brick
fireplace where the logs were crackling and
blazing on the hearth. As they sat there

Springfield watched very closely the action of
the old man as he smoked his pipe and looked
longingly into the fire. His curiosity became
aroused over this strange and solemn figure
who sat thinking and smoking before him.
At last he asked, “Why are you so deeply en-
gaged in thought? Have 1 brought back to
your memory the stories of old hunting trips?”
Lhe old man looked up, his eyes met Spring-
field’s, and he gazed searchingly around the
room until interrupted by the exclamation of
Springfield, “What's the matter?”

“Oh, I was thinking of my wife. Mary
must not hear this story; but I see she has
gone to bed. ;

“Many, many years ago, when I was about
your age, there came to this village a very
wealthy man. He asked me to be his guide,
and as there were two other boys who were
going, | accepted. He made me the leader of
the party, which consisted of his daughter,
Rosalind Roberts, a very pretty, dark com-
plexioned girl about the age of. twenty; Ar-
thur Reed, her intended husband, and Percy
Oliver, a tenderfoot. The other guides were
Dick Rivers and Jim Roades, They did not
care for me because I was the leader of the
party, the best hunter in the vicinity, and reg-
ularly going to see the prettiest girl in town

 
78 THE
(who is my dear wife now), Mary Robinson,
the sheriff's daughter. She was also chosen
to go along and keep the cabin in order and
prepare meals for Miss Rosalind, who was
very refined and would not go into the
kitchen.

“Well, after all hands were picked for this
jolly party, the day came when we were to
meet at the cabin, to be introduced to each
other. Mr. Roberts and his party arrived at
eleven o'clock. We all went down to the old
barn to meet him, and it was then that I met
his pretty daughter Rosalind. She greeted
all the boys in the same manner, but when she
came up to me she paused, asked my name
again, and then holding her little gloved hand
out to me, said, ‘I am very glad to make your
acquaintance, Clarence.’ T was almost struck
dumb by this, and the way she pronounced my
name made all the boys look my way. Mary
called to me, and of course T had to leave and
do the work that Mary had in store for me.

“Soon dinner was called and we all went in
to eat a meal of ham and potatoes. The boys
were all startled and T could do nothing but
sit up and take notice, for who came in and
sat down at the head of our table but Rosa-
lind. She had her hair down her back in a
plait, a white shirtwaist, with a soft collar
and tie, high shoes, and a leather skirt almost
to her ankles. There was a look of surprise
on all the boys’ faces, for they had never seen
a girl so pretty. We started in and began to
eat in the same old way, but we couldn’t, and
half the bunch went out into the kitchen after
dinner to get the rest of their meal.

“As T was standing near the back of the
hut, who should come along but Rosalind.
She looked at me and then said, “Hello, Clar-
ence.” Of course I was almost startled to
death, but. succeeded in standing my ground.
She then asked me if rabbit hunting was
good and I told her it was. She then asked
me if I would like a little walk into the woods
just to try her eye. Well, as I had nothing to
do and was crazy to have a pretty girl to take
with ‘me while hunting, T just told her yes

 

ARGO

then and there. We walked several
miles away from the cabin, jumping about and
talking about the next day and what prospects
there were of getting any big game. I had
shooting three rabbits but Rosa-

She was very angry

right

succeeded in
lind did not get a one.
r this and told me that she would get
bigger game the next day.

“We arrived home a little before supper.
Jim and Dick looked at us and snapped their
fingers at me; but when Mary, Arthur Reed
and Percy Oliver spied us there was great
trouble in store for me. Mary sneered at me
when she passed me in the kitchen and tried
her best to be with one of the society boys at
all spare moments. Rosalind did not care for
some reason, and only made things worse
with her intended husband. He began to
despise me and everybody was waiting for a
chance to get even with me.

“The next day found everybody up bright
and early. Mr. Roberts and myself decided
about the arranging of the party and figured
it out before the rest were up. Rosalind be-
gan to talk over the last day’s results, and
that started the new day in again with the
crowd all sore at me.

“After a breakfast we decided to start on
our trip. The party started off, leaving me
behind: and much to my surprise Rosalind
waited for me. I had told Jim and Dick the
way to the section where T wanted to give the
folks the best chance to make the first day a
good one. .

“Rosalind seemed very lively and often took
hold of my arm as we pushed along the stony
places. She told me of her poor mother, who
had died when she was just a little girl, leav-
ing her only the half-blooded instinct of a
western woman, for her mother was a west-
ern woman whom here father had married
just before he found his rich claim and moved
to New York, a very wealthy man. We be-
came very friendly, for IT told her the weary
story of how I was found alone in the woods
when IT was a little baby. Thus my name of
Woods, and my profession.

ove

 
THE

“Our pleasant talk was soon hindered, for
Jim came running down and told me to quit
talking about my old hard luck story and pre-
pare for the chase. Rosalind nodded to me
and we both promised to talk it over later,

“T looked the old grounds over and then
told Dick and Jim to follow round the left side
of the mountain and after waiting fifteen min-
_ utes to start and push towards us with as
much noise as possible, in order that the bear
or deer would be driven our way. I then
placed Rosalind on the top knoll where she
could see the game approaching and get first
chance at im. I let her father, Mr. Roberts,
select his own stand, and I went to place Ar-
thur Reed and Percy Oliver.. I placed Mr.
Reed directly opposite Rosalind but not on a
knoll, for I did not wish him to shoot the
game. I then placed Percy, the tenderfoot,
in the rear of the party, in order that he might
get a chance to see the game if we missed him,
for that was all he could do. 2

“Thus we all were waiting, and as I looked
in the direction of Rosalind’s position I saw
her pretty form bent over and her hand shad-
ing her eyes. We heard the noise of cracking
twigs, and then suddenly I saw the form of a
brown bear bounding our way. Then ‘crack.’
The bear changed its course and we ran down
to see if it was killed.

“No bear was to be seen. The traces of
his fast retreat could be seen by the broken
twigs and the torn-up ground. Everybody
looked around to see who fired the shot, but
as it concerned nobody we decided to post-
pone our hunt until to-morrow. :

“We reached the cabin, and much to our
surprise our good old friend, Rosalind’s in-
tended husband, Mr. Reed, was missing. The
hunters and the rest of the party thought that
he had probably been lost, and so they decided
to send me to find him, for I knew all the
trails of the woods and the different ways of
covering the most ground. I took my gun
and went winding back the same old way, up
through the glen to the knoll where Rosalind
was watching for the bear. It suddenly

ARGO 79

dawned upon me that probably he was miss-
ing by the only shot, and I knew that shot
was fired from ——. Just then there was a
rustle of leaves. I watched closely and saw
that a bear was moving rapidly toward me.
I raised my gun and fired; I fired again and
down came the bear in a heap right at the
side of a bush.

“I was happy now because I had killed the
only bear of the day, and then I thought that
the two shots would probably bring another
in signal from Mr, Reed, but I heard no re-
ply and hurried to the spot. There, as I bent
over the bear, I saw the disfigured body of a
man. I had forgotten myself in one moment.
It was Mr. Reed. I felt the hot barrel of my
gun, looked fiercely at the bear still bleeding
from its wound. A thousand and one things
began to move listlessly in my mind, I was
crazy in a moment. I thought of the whole
world in one great conglomerated mass, the
ways of my good life, and while I was thus
dreaming, half-murmuring to myself, | felt a
heavy slap upon my back. It was Dick.

“Nothing ‘was said. I moved as if in a
spell; ‘and both acting in the same manner,
we picked up the body and walked slowly
down to the camp.

“There all awaited us and stricken by the
sight they all ran for their guns. I knew in
an ‘instant that luck was against me, for the
party was already jealous and sore.

““Well,’ spoke up Jim, ‘here is my gun
just as clean as a new pin.’ With that all
showed their guns. It seems strange, but
that’s the way of the mountain boys if they
are in doubt. Everybody looked at me, and
without waiting I handed over the gun.

“Dirty barrel!’ exclaimed Jim; ‘so there’s

no ifurther search needed. What do you
say?”
“There was nothing said. It just dropped
there.”
* * * * * *

«“The young man was laid away in a little
graveyard in the ‘village. The tenderfoot
bid all good-bye and that night left for home.
80 THE

“I didn’t understand the manner of Old
Man Roberts, for he stayed. Rosalind seemed
sort of happy; but as for me, why the world
was my home, and I knew that there was
something in store just as soon as the shock
of the death was over.

“Still I stayed, for the old man wished me
to, and for no reason other than to chop wood
and attend to things. I like the place and was
always with the girl I loved. Rosalind
seemed to like me and enjoyed the country
she was born to.

“Two weeks had passed and the day was
cold and damp and invited trouble. It was
election day in town, and that alone meant
more than the sultry weather to bring on
trouble.
letting the horse drag along easily, for I only
wished to reach the town which was only a
short ride before dark.

“Along the stretch just before me, which
led to the town, I saw the form) of a woman
coming quickly my way. I put spurs to my
horse in order to meet her sooner, and in the
next instant we drew up side by side.

““Oh! its you,’ she cried, as we drew to a
stop. ‘Thank God, I have come in time.’

“What do you mean?’ I asked, half afraid
to speak, for it was Mary.

“They have all been drinking’—

“*That’s common on election day; but why
do you hesitate?”

“They are coming for you—to get you.’

“Tt all came back to me in an instant. I
was the victim of an election-day carousal,
and they had remembered. But why did this
girl whom I did not love any more wish to
warn me? Yes, me.

“Half from old remembrance and_ partly
as a gift I kissed her and then bid her good-
bye.

“Back over the same old road to the old
cabin I rode as fast as possible, but not wish-
ing to disturb the people I rode slowly up to
the house and dismounted. :

“There remained now but little time for
escape ; the men were on their way and would

 

I slowly wandered over the hill, .

ARGO

reach the cabin in a few minutes. Had I bet-
ter give myself up or run to the border line
for safety. One thing was certain, I must not
leave without a word to Rosalind.

“Into the cabin I rushed, told her a story
of my going to a friend, and had to leave
that night. She questioned me, and soon we
heard the clatter of hoofs on the road. She
was up in an instant. ‘I know,’ she exclaimed
in one breath. ‘You are going to see a friend,
but I must go with you.’ For the first time
we kissed, and I begged her to stay and leave
my fate to God, but all in vain. The time had
come. I picked up my gun and hat and rushed
for the door, and she, as quick as a cat, fol-
lowed me. The men were already from their
horses and had begun to circle the house. A
snap of a twig betrayed us. A volley of shots
rang out. Rosalind gasped and sank to her
knees—‘Oh!’

“The men were upon us, and seeing what
they had done, stood amazed.

“Speak, Rosalind,’ I asked in a faint cry,
but her lips were firm.

“Then she looked up, and seeing them said,
‘Thy will be done.; But why was I shot in
the dark?’

“A silence reigned over the crowd; over-
come they stood, and remained so.

“*Take me!’ I exclaimed. ‘Let us die to-
gether.’ But they slowly moved away.”

* * * * * *

Large tears stood in the old man’s eyes
and his forehead was wet with perspiration.

“It is very late, Mr. Woods” I interrupted.
“Let us go to bed.” D.C. S. 1912.

 

DOC’S NARROW ESCAPE.

One Day as Doc, Dougherty was taking a
Strohl across the Ley, in a town called Lands-
berg, looking for some one from whom. he
could borrow some tobacco, he was startled
to see, hiding behind two Busches, a man.
This man, he thought, was a certain Hollander
by the name of Van Sickle, who three days
before had killed a rowdie named Menzies in
a drunken brawl in Donahue’s saloon. The

 
THE

cause of this brawl was a pure White Drake
which both claimed to have shot. “Dogy,”
being a brave man, walked up behind him,
and picking up a Hoe which was near him,
hit him a blow on the head, After hitting
him, Doe was startled to find that instead of
being that well-known criminal, he had hit
the Marques Dennis de Sullivan of France,
who was staying at the house of a Miller
named Richardson. Much frightened, Doc
started to Succop the blood from the wound,
so that blood poisoning would not set in. He
then washed the wound with water from a
nearby Fountain, reflecting meanwhile what
an unlucky day Friday was for him. Conover,
driving Shumacher’s wagon past the scene of
his accident, after inquiring of the trouble,
offered his wagon as a substitute for an am-
bulance. They drove quickly to a well-known
hospital in the first Ward, where Malmar, a
distinguished doctor, met them at the door,
saying, “Fred Has Brouck his leg and so our
hospital is full, but if you take him to Johnson
the Potter's house, on Gifford street, he will
give you a room for him.” Robbins, the
horse, seemed to realize the need for haste
even as much as his master, and moved at a
faster rate than ever before. They were met
at the door by Todd, a brother of Johnson, a
man of great Braun but of little sense, in fact,
the black sheep of the family, who made his
living by means of a certain Stier which he
had trained to do many queer tricks. [Watts
the trouble? asked Todd, unable to realize ‘n
his intoxicated condition, the need of quick
action. Doc, being a man of action, ran up-
stairs and /aid the quiet form on the bed in a
room he came to, which happened to be that
of Mrs, Stinson, an old woman of quick and
hasty temper and well able to rough her son-
in-law up when aroused. Upon seeing the
body, Mrs. Stinson said to Doc in her /rish
way, “This looks more like a job for the
Spader than for the doctor. Shall I call Dr.
Brainard, or do you prefer Avery?” of course
this cheered Doc up a great deal, and he told

ARGO 81

her to call in Doctors Dunlap and Konow, his
consulting physicians, two very able men when
not under the influence of the demon rum. In
a very short time these doctors arrived, ac-
companied by Hamborsky, a well-known Rus-
sian sergeant who had traveled to that part
of the country in order to see the strange
Wells which were to be found there. After
working over the body of Marquis Sullivan
for about fifteen minutes he was pronounced
out of danger, and Doc, feeling greatly re-
lieved, but in need of a stimulant of some kind
after his trials of the last few hours, walked
quickly over to Searle's saloon, which stood
on a nearby corner. He told “Grummy,” the
waiter, of his adventure, and laughed to see
the astonishment which he showed by his
emotional French gestures. In concluding his
tale, Doc remarked that if it hadn't been for
his splendid luck, instead of being a Freeman
in Searle’s cafe he would be in the Scudder
prison in the town of Voorhees, in contact
with Williams, Fisher, and other men fully as
desperate. W. F. 712,

 

What is the telephone number of the Gar-
den of Eden? 281 Apple.

“How to Halt.”—By R. B. Fountain. When
the command to “halt” is given, place the foot
that is on the ground beside the one that is in
the air and stand perfectly still.

My Bonnie has tuberculosis,
My Bonnie has only one lung;

I think that you will agree with me,
When I say I was badly stung.

“A sheet of paper is a Lazy Dog.”

Given: A sheet of ruled paper.

To Prove: That the sheet of paper is a lazy
dog.

Proof: A sheet of ruled paped is an ink-
lined plane. An inclined plane is a slope up.
A slow pup is a lazy dog. Therefore a sheet
of paper is a lazy dog.”—With apologies to
Wentworth.
82 . THE

ALUMNI.

'o8. Ed. Williams was married January I,
1911.. While in Prep. he captained the foot-
ball and base-ball teams and was a great bas-
ket-ball player.

Wyckoff died in Japan recently.

66. Dave Coleman, of Tottenville, S. Ly
was married last fall.

’o9. Doc. Carroll is reported to be some-
what of a poet, and is writing in the sylvan
quietude of Keene, Ohio.

Ex-’13. Bolton is
High School.

‘io. “Pud” Atkinson coached the Highland
Falls (N. Y.) High School foot-ball team last
fall, They were not scored on.

‘og. Chippie Sparrow is writing poetry.
Hard on the neighbors.

Ex-’o8. William Leroy Wyckoff is about
to indulge in matrimony.

‘og. Jack Rolfe is agent for automobile
tires in California.

‘og. Two prominent members of the class
of ’og are singing in vaudeville. They do not
wish their names divulged as yet. They are
known as the “Silver Toned Duet,” or the
“Rah, Rah Boys.”

attending Plainfield

 

Editor Arco:

Dear Sir:—I would like to express. my ap-
preciation of the work the old school is doing.
Your athletics are improving wonderfully and
your record in base-ball last year brought joy
to more than one alumnus. I am very pleased
to see that you are playing Lawrenceville once
more. The last year I was in Prep. we played
a great game of base-ball with them at Law-
renceville. At the beginning of the ninth in-
ning they led, four-two. Then with two men

* on the: bases Harry Lockwood hit the ball up
against the chapel, the longest hit ever made
on their field, winning the game for us. I
hope soon to see another victory for the Prep.
School over Lawrenceville. Good luck to

—'06.

you.

ARGO

Editor ARGO:
The Rutgers Prepa
teams seem capable 0

schools than they do.
a team of children representing a coun-

h school, twenty-six to nothing. Now,
this score may Jook very nice in statistics, but
what good does it do? Rutgers Prep. has the
pluck, the money, and the men to play high-
class schools. It is far better to lose to a
school of well-known name than to win from
a one-horse high school. I am glad to see that
relations are being taken up with Lawrence-
ville. You lost to them in base-ball and bas-
ket-ball, but neither was 4 disgrace, and one
in fact was virtually a victory. But there are
other schools who should be on your schedule:
Blair Academy, Peddie, Haverford and
Swarthmore Prep. should take the places of
some of the little schools now competing with
you, Get a name, and you will get the men
to uphold it. Don't be a big bully with little
kids; be a fighting youngster among the
heavyweights; and in the course of a few
years the name of Rutgers Prep. will be re-
spected and feared among bigger schools.
ALUMNUS.

ratory School athletic
f playing higher-class
For instance, they de-

feat
try hig

 

BASE-BALL SCHEDULE.

IQII.

April 26. Plainfield, at Plainfield.

April 29. Trenton State, at Trenton.

May 3. Bound Brook, at Bound Brook.
May 6. Commercial H. S., at N. B.

May 9g. Pingry, at New Brunswick.
May 13. N. B. H. S., at New Brunswick.
May 20. Montclair Mil. Academy, at N. B.
May 24. Newark, at Newark.

May 27. Groff, at New York.

May 30. Boys’ High, at New Brunswick.
June 3. Bordentown, at Bordentown.

_ Four or five games will be added to this
list, but as yet the dates on which they will be
played have not been decided.

 
 

THE

 

 

Published Monthly. During the School Year,

BY THE
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

 

 

 

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

 

ARGO;STAFF:

Editor-in-Chief
Artuur C. Buscu.
Managing Editor
R. W. Searve.
Alumni
R. B. Searve.
Business Manager
D. C. Succor.
LiteraryZEditors
H. L. Janeway. R. W. Jounson.
W. Farey.
Athietics
F. D. P. Has Broucx.
School Notes
D. C, Wuire. W. Dunzor.
Exchanges
A. S. Rictarpson.
Jokes
E. Hog, Jr.
Staff Artist
W. B. Mavaar.

Directory
Pres. Students’ Asso.—R. W. Srarve.
C. A.—H. Topp.
D._C._ Succor.
F. R. Parkin.

 

 

Captain Basket-Ball.
Captain Base-Ball—R. Fountatn.
Captain Track.—To be elected.

. A—R. B. Fountain.
Captain Cadets—} S. ak W. Jounson.
Manager Foot-Ball.—To be ap} jointed.
Manager Basket-Ball.—R. W. Jonson.
Manager Base-Ball.—F, R, PARKIN.
Manager Track.—F. D. P. Has Brovck.
Manager Y. M. C. A.—RicHarpson.
Cheer Leader.—R. W. Jounson.

Subscripti rice, per year, $1.00 (in advance).
i ‘communications. should ‘be addressed to the Editor in:
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, and must be accompanie
ith th ¢ of the author.
mall business communications to Business Manager ne
Corr ndents will confer a great favor by writing on o

ARGO 83

Ritter. The Editorial Board of THe Arco
wish to go on record with a testimonial of
their appreciation of the services of Mr.
Charles Ritter, whose resignation as Editor-
in-Chief was announced before the holiday
vacation.

Mr. Ritter’s well-known literary taste, and
ability in English studies mark him as a valu-
able “newspaper man,” and while, for a time,
Tue Arco is to be deprived of his leadership,
we hope that he will manage to find time to
continue writing for our columns, for contri-
butions from his ready pen are always accept-
able.

Pray. Lately there has been quite a good
deal of talk about having a play, vaudeville
show, or something in that line. Now
why not get up one? There are sev-
eral fellows going to school here who have
played in different little entertainments; also
there are a lot of good voices in the school.
We could easily get up some little musical
comedy. These are always lots of fun, cer-
tainly to everybody taking part, and it would
surely draw a large crowd. Get together, fel-
lows, and think and talk it over; and when

.you have decided what kind of a play would

be best, set out and give a show that you all
can be proud of.

Rutgers Prep. hasn’t given a play in years.
Every year something ought to be done by the
fellows to benefit the school. Why not help
R. P. this year by a good substantial play
which will advertise the school and put money
in the treasury?

 

We call attention to the attractive base-ball
schedule arranged by Manager Parkin, in this
issue. Manager Parkin has realized our grow-
ing power and notoriety in athletics and has
arranged his schedule accordingly. Last year
we had a championship team, and we ought
to have one this year. Even though the sched-
ule is hard, we again expect to have a win-
ning team. We congratulate Manager Parkin

side of the paper only. J, students, and alumni are most cor- | 2 on his splendid schedule.

Officers of the schoo!

dially invited to contribute.
84 THE ARGO

Y. M. C. A. ORGANIZATION AND
WORK.

Anyone, who has read the January number
of “Association Men,” has learned something
of the broadness of the work which the Young
Men’s Christian Association is carrying on in
this country and in other countries. But pos-
sibly not every one understands how close an
organization it possesses for doing this and
by what means the associations as a whole un-
dertake so great a task. These things are
what we are going to have explained in the
following article.

First, upon examining the business organi-
zation, we find there is a body of very closely
related committees or rather departments
which have charge of the general work over
this country and Canada. These taken all to-
gether are known as the International Com-
mittee. Each one of them has a certain phase
of the work to cover, and are known by the
class of this work, e. g., County Work De-
partment, Physical Department, etc. But, so
great is the work covered by any one of these
departments, that it is found better for prac-
- tical purposes to divide the department among
several secretaries, each one of whom has a
certain branch of the work to look after,
Take, for example, the Student Department of
the International Committee. In this depart-
ment there is a secretary for Preparatory and
High Schools, two for Bible Study,
two for work among Colored Students,
one each for work in the South, East,
West, Pacific Coast and Canada, one for
the Business Administration of the depart-
ment and one for Editorial work. Thus it is
evident that all the work coming to the Stu-
dent Department has been divided up among
the different secretaries in such a manner that
each branch may have the proper amount of
attention.

Likewise there is a committee in each State
to take care of the work in the states, and
these are known as State Committees. These
committees are also divided and subdivided
just as the International committee is,

In a somewhat different way is the organi-
ch Associations in the cities

zation of the bran >
Each branch has

and villages of the country.
a Board of Directors which carry on all the

financial affairs of the Association and in a
general way supervise the actual work. The
active part of carrying out this work, how-
ever, falls upon the General Secretary and his
assistants. Most branches have three depart-
ments, a department for boys’ work, a depart-
ment for young men’s work, and a department
for men’s work.

Having learned how the Young Men's
Christian Association is organized, let us now
consider its method of working with the men
who come to the Association to be benefited
by it, All men who come for this purpose
are alike in certain respects, and every Asso-
ciation takes advantage of this in carrying on
its work, whether it have unlimited resources
or very meager means. Now we are going to
find out how the Association puts these ad-
vantages into good use. _

A man is of three distinct parts. The most
noticeable of these is his personal appearance
and physical make-up. We will call this his
physical nature. When a man talks, thinks
and moves about, he calls into use another
part. This is his mental nature. Further and
deeper concealed within himself than either
of these two natures is his spiritual nature.
Without exception all men have these three
natures.

First, we will reflect for a moment upon a
man’s physical nature. Every man ought to
possess good health and a strong body. If he
has not these he is not in a fit condition to
engage in the battles of life. In order that
we may realize what it amounts to to have a
fine physique, we shall consider that noblest
type of manhood, Jesus Christ, the Perfect
Man, and try to understand how He must
have been helped through all his difficulties
by the possession of a fine physical make-up.
We cannot imagine that He, who resisted the
worst sort of temptation, endured the criti-
cisms and jibes of His enemies, knew what it
THE

was to be without friends and support, saw,
as it seemed in all respects, His life devoted
to labor in vain, and finally suffered for near-
ly sixteen hours without rest and food the
cruel taunts and tortures of his persecutors
resulting at last in the pouring out of his life-
blood in the bitter death of the cross —I say
we cannot imagine that our Saviour was any-
thing but a big, strong, robust man, It is
the existence of men with weakened physical
natures where we would expect to find it
otherwise that attracts the attention of the
Young Men’s Christian Association and leads
the organization to try and do something for
such men, And here are some of the things
that it provides for them,—regular systematic
exercise, athletics, games and baths. Thus is
the work of the Young Men’s Christian As-
sociation devoted to bettering men’s physical
natures,

We now in turn come to the second great
nature of man, his mental nature, which is
really the power in the man, which is respon-
sible for his ability to hear, think, see, talk
and act. It is important, therefore, that these
powers should be kept in proper condition.
But, nevertheless, men often become depraved
in them just as they do in their physical pow-
ers. For instance, in much the same manner
as men sometimes ruin their health by loading
their digestive organs with stuff that has not
the slightest right to being called food, thus
taxing the power of the organs in getting rid
of them; so they load up their minds with
dirty stories, base incidents and bad associa-
tion of what is proper to know, and sap their
very mentality in the effort to pass their bad
thoughts on to some one else.
ing that is surer to end a person in disaster
than this same improper use of the powers of
mind. To prevent such a thing is one of the
aims of the Young Men’s Christian Associa-
tion. It is usually done by urging men to
think better than to pervert the use of their
intellects and understandings, and by placing
within their reach good, wholesome literature,
that will build the mind up rather than disin-

‘

There is noth- °

ARGO 85

tegrate it.

Very closely connected with a man’s men-
tal nature is his spiritual nature,—so close,
in fact, as to be almost inseparable. That
there must be such a nature is evident when
we compare the condition of a man before and
after his death. A man, after he has died, is
to all appearances of the eye the same as
when he was living. He still has all the or-
gans of his body, limbs, eyes, nose, mouth,
tongue, brain, and so on; and yet, although
he has them, he does not use them, as he dil
when he was living, in the familiar expres-
sions and activities of life. Something is lack-
ing. That something is his spirit. In order
to understand this better, let us study as far
as we are able, the spirit itself. The spirit is
the divine part of man. It even seems to be a
part of the Great Spirit Himself, molded and
shaped after His own divine being, and placed
within a human body for a longer or shorter
period of time, with human powers of acting,
thinking and living. Through this spiritual
nature we are kept in contact with God by
means of a spiritual communication which we
call prayer. If we do not keep up this spir-
itual conversation with God, life sooner or
later will become a burden to us, a sorrow
rather than an enjoyment, and we will not re-
turn again to the Great Spirit from which we
came. Such a communication, the Young
Men’s Christian Association tries to inculcate
in men’s spiritual natures by means of Bible
study and various sorts of religious meetings.

The Young Men’s Christian Association
has then an excellent system of treating men
according to the different wants of their three
natures. That it is doing good work among
men, few people would be so foolish or so
blind as to contradict. On the other hand, all
should give their hearty approval of the work
that it has done and still is carrying on. The
Young Men’s Christian Association teaches
men how to live properly. This is work.
This is what is needed at this time when there
is such universal vice and corruption. Let us
do our best in helping the good work along.

 
86 THE

 

FREEHOLD MILITARY ACADEMY VS.
RUTGERS PREP.
35-13.

Prep. played her first game with F. M. A.,
and she certainly did good work for the short
time in which she had to practice, in and un-
der the circumstances. The team as a whole
is certainly great. Succop in himself is a
team. Captain Parkin is always on the job.
When it comes to rough-housing “Pete” is all
there. : t

F. M. A.: Brigan, r. g.; Hilard, 1. g.; Viss-
man, c.; Adamson, r. f.; Tebber (Capt.), 1. f.

Prep.: Grumbacher (Stinson), r. g.; Par-
kin’ (Capt.), 1. g.; Searle, c.; Voorhees, r. f.;
Succop, I. f.

Referee: Ley.

Goals from field: Prep. : Grumbacher 3, Par-
kin 3, Searle 6, Voorhees 2, Succop 3. F. M.
A.‘ Vissmann 2, Adamson 2, Tebber 1.

Fouls: Prep: Parkin 4, Searle r.
A.: Tebber 3.

 

N. B. H. S. VS. RUTGERS PREP.
45-13.

Prep. played her second game, or rather
practiced, with N. B. H. S. The first part of
the: first: half was somewhat near to basket-
ball. The boys from the High School were
soon winded, ‘and all they: could do was to
hang on their man and be a stumbling block
or a post to tack around, We are sorry that
they could not put up a better game, because

F, M.-

ARGO

 

vA

it did not give the Prep. team a chance to
show what they are made of.

N. B.H.S.: Howard, r. g.; Edgar (Capt.)
1. g.; Smith, c.; Wagner, I. f.; Manley, r. f.

Prep.: Grumbacher (Stimson), r. g., Par-
kin (Capt.), 1. g.; Searle, c.; Voorhees, 1. f.;
Succop, r. f.

Referee: Taylor.

Field goals: Grumbacher 2, Stimson 3,
Parkin 5, Searle 5, Voorhees 3, Succop 3.
Goals: Parkin 3, Edgar 11, Wagner 2.

LAWRENCEVILLE VS. R. P.
4477.

Prep. met her first defeat at the hands of
Lawrenceville. It is nothing to be ashamed
of, because Prep. as a team outplayed Law-
renceville. It was entirely a one man’s game.
What do you think that Prep. could do against
aman 6 ft. 7 in. playing center? Prep. has
no need of feeling downhearted over the loss
of this game, because if they follow their
team closely this spring they will see what a
fast congregation she sends out.

Lawrenceville: Carter, r. g.; Stephenson,

I. g.; Heyniger, c.; Baily, r, f.; Kline, 1. f.

Prep.: Grumbacher (Stimson), r. g.;.Par-
7 1. g.; Searle, c:; Voorhees, .r. f.; Succop.
Referee: Stratton.

Field goals: Voorhees 1, Succop 2, Carter
1, Stephenson 2, Heyniger 13, Baily 3, Kline
1. Goals: Parkin 1, Kline 2. :

 
THE

PREP. VS. PLAINFIELD.

On Saturday, January 28, Prep. traveled to
Plainfield and met with defeat by the score of
18 to 12. Plainfield has a fast team and holds
the city championship of that place,

The floor was small and rather slippery,
thereby causing some inconvenience to our
fellows, who were not used to playing on that
kind of a court. The game was rough, al-
though not much fouling was done, there be-
ing only one foul shot out of the five which
were called on both teams, Plainfield shooting
that. Plainfield was also awarded one point
as a foul was called on one of our men as
Plainfield was shooting a foul.

Prep. played good ball, getting in some fine
team work, but their shooting was poor (hard
luck several times), thus the reason for their
defeat.

Prep. plays Plainfield again, this time down
here, and we hope to beat them. ‘

* Prep.: Voorhees, r. f.; Succop, |. f.; Searle,
c.; Grumbacher (Fountain), r. g.; Stinson
(Act. Capt.), lL. g.

Plainfield: Clark, r. f.; Ricketts, 1. f.; Man-
ly (Capt.), c.; Bristol, r. g.; Kan, 1. g.

Goals: Voorhees 3, Grumbacher 1, Stinson
1, Fountain 1, Clark 3, Ricketts 2, Manley 2,
Bristol 1. Fouls: Bristol 1.

SENIORS VS. JUNIORS.

A most exciting and spirited game of bas-
ket-ball was played at the Seminary Gym.,
Wednesday, February 1, between the Seniors
and the Juniors. This was the first of a series
of three games, which will be exceedingly in-
teresting because of the close comparison of
the two teams. The good nature of the play-
ers throughout the entire contest was a marked
feature. The game was played fast and at
times rough on account of the friendly rivalry
between the two classes. There might have
been a little less rough-house on the part of
some, but as there was no hard feeling, every-
thing turned out well. Van Sickle captained
the Senior team in fine style and showed the
proper spirit when he forefeited his position

ARGO 87

in order to try out Ley. The Junior team,
held together by Succop, their captain, played
as good team-work as the Seniors. Fountain
made several very skilful baskets and played
a faultless game. Succop was punched in the
stomach and winded, but after a few minutes
came back into the game with his usual good
form. Stinson and Parkin played well, but
were inclined to be rough. The re-
mark was made’ that “Ley covered the floor
well.” The game was well refereed. Score:
Seniors 31, Juniors 29.

Time: 20 and 15 minute halves.

Referee: Mr, Hodgdon.

Goals: Stinson 5, Fountain 6, Busch 1, Par-
kin 2, Van Sickle 1, White 3, Braun 2, Konow
1, Grumbacher 4, Succop 3.

Fouls: Parkin 1, Succop 3.

HOLY ROLLERS VS. BOOZE HOIST-
ERS.

The good spirit of basket-ball is being kept
up by non-'varsity games played between
chosen teams of men not playing on the first
team. A game was played between the Holy
Rollers and the Booze Hoisters, Friday, Feb-
ruary 3, at the Seminary Gym., which was as
fast and clean a game as one would wish to
see. These two teams are strong rivals, and
out of the five games in the series the first
two have been won by the Booze Hoisters.
The players were earnest and good feeling
prevailed throughout the contest. Ley’s bas-
ket-shooting was the main feature of the game.
He captained his team well and seemed every-
where at once, playing hard to win. <A. C.
Busch kept up his reputation by playing a
good steady. game and rolling up eleven
points for his team. Watts and Robins played
hard to the end, although defeat stared them
in the face. White played with the same
vigor that he shows in all athletics. The Holy
Rollers found a new recruit by trying out Hoe,
who proved his ability in fine style. The game
was refereed by Mr. Hodgdon to the satis-
faction of all. Time: twenty minute halves.
Score: Holy Rollers 10, Booze Hoisters 24.

 
88 THE

KINGSLEY SCHOOL VS. R. P.

The country air of Essex Fells must have ¢

invigorated Prep.’s basket-ball team, for they
played against the Kingsley School team with

more “pep” and vim than has been before |

shown. The team arrived at Essex Fells at
10.30 a. m., Saturday, February 4, -after a
long trolley ride from Newark. The game
started at 11 o'clock, with about sixty specta-
tors present. The court was good but the
baskets were somewhat shaky. Succop was
the first to find the basket. Fountain tried
several long shots, but although very close
they did not go in. Searle rolled a few
against the board which dropped neatly into
the basket. Ford, Kingsley’s star, stuck by
his basket and rolled up the score for his
team. Parkin was kept so busy guarding
Ford that he had little chance of shooting
baskets, but was right there when a foul was
to be slipped into the basket. Throughout the
first half the game was played with lightning
speed and the score tallied up fast. At the
beginning of the second half Prep. missed bas-
ket after basket until Fountain dropped one
in from the side line, which stopped the farce.
Succop played an excellent game, but his sec-
ond half could not compare with the wonder-
ful showing he made in the first. Voorhees
kept his man from shooting a basket and also
dropped in a couple to help Prep. along.

The game was most enjoyable to watch, be-
cause there were no hard feelings throughout
the entire contest. Mr. Smith refereed the
game to the satisfaction of both teams.

Score: Kingsley School 25, R. P. 41.

Line-up: ;

Prep.: Fountain, r. f.; Succop, |. f.; Searle,
c.: Parkin (Capt.), 1. g.; Voorhees, r. g.

Kingsley: Ford, r. £; McArthur, 1. f..2
Campbell, c.; Berkley, 1. g.; Muehlech, (Rem-
wick), (Southwick), r. g.

Goals: Succop 8, Fountain 2, Searle 5,
Parkin 2, Voorhees 2, Ford 9.

Fouls: Parkin 3, Ford 7.

Time of halves: 20 and 15 minutes.

 

CALENDAR,

January.
4. School opens again.
. Basket-ball practice.
. The new drill suits arrive.
. Co. A. defeats Co. B. at basket-ball, 33-16.
. Meeting of Y. M. C. A.

. All go to see the Diving Venus at the
Opera House.

Oo ON AM

10. “Ham” Dunham returns to Prep.

tr. Prep. 35, New Jersey Mil. Acad. 13.

12. “Fat” Robins disposes of six “hot dogs.”

13. Has Brouck writes a letter to his girl.

14. Prep. 46, New Brunswick H. S. 11.

15. “Buggs” Ley goes to New York.

16. The three bad boys return.

17. Seen fussing at the opera house (Avery
and Fountain).

18. Bill Konow enjoys his first shave. (About
time. )

19. Dougherty goes skating with “some one’?

20. “Pete” Stinson with the “Girl in the
Taxi.”

21. Lawrenceville 47, Prep. 7. (Nuff sed.)

22. Mr. Boardman addresses Y. M. C. A.

23. Everybody happy. No drill.

24. Upon the Headmaster’s suggestion every
one brings a bottle (?) to school.

25. “Buggs” Ley rafflles off a suit of clothes
at 10c. per chance.

 
=.

THE

a Ed. Hoe comes to school cove

: red wi
chicken feathers, im

a7. “Jeff” Schumacher
broadcloth.

Wears Some new

28, Plainfield H, S. 18, Prep, 12,

29. Mr. Roberts speaks to Y, M, C, A’

30. “Nothing doing” to-day,

31. Little Busch seen skating with a “queen” ?
February,

1, First game of basket-ball se
Seniors and Juniors,
31, Juniors 29.

ries between

Score: Seniors

2. Second semester begins,

3. Booze Hoisters 24, Holy Rollers to,
—o—

Nobody’s Widow—Olsen,

The Scarecrow—Robins, in a drill uniform.

Seven Days—Vacation.

The Fortune Hunter—Voorhees,

The World of Pleasure—The Bijou,

A Fool There Was—Fick,

Two Women—Reeves and Ritter.

The Man from Home—Succop.

The Light Eternal—Hollander.

The Chocolate Soldier—Fountain.

A Man’s World—Kline’s,

Anti-Matrimony—Stinson (?)

Bachelor Bells—Carl Busch, Malmar, Dough-
erty.

Naughty Marietta—White.

The Slim Princess—Miss Persons.

Madame Sherry—Mrs. Hodgson.

The Spring Maid—Worth.

The Midnight Sons—Hungry Nine.

ARGO 89

The Concert—Morning Chapel.

Miss Innocence—Janeway.

My Wife—Stinson,

Inconstant George—Morrison.

The Boss—Dr, Scudder.

The Lottery Man—Ley.

The-Pink Lady—Parkin.

The Devil—Ley. :

The Girl of My Dreams—Conover.
Mother—Mrs, Boardman,

The City—Stelton,

The Wise Guys—The Seniors.

Going Some—The Basket-Ball Team.
What Every Woman Knows—“Pete” Stinson.

The House With the Green Shutters — The
Trap.

Follies of 1911—The Drill.
Chanticler—“Birdie” Hassell.

The Third Degree—Exams. .
The Top o’ the World—The Lunch Room.
The Jolly Bachelors—Fountain and Avery.

The Three Twins—Braun, Williams and Gif-
ford.

The Commuters—Schumacher, Vogt, Strohl,
etc.

The Easiest Way—Always carry a trot.

The Servant in the House—Tessie.

The Round-Up—Exams.

The Country Boy—Ed. Hoe.

Baby Mine—Holmes Dennis.

The Girl (?) Behind the Counter—Bro. Todd.
The Deserters — Wickland, Boyce, Prentiss.

The Gentleman (?) from Mississippi—~Men-
zies,
#0 THE

Mrs. Boardman entertained a number of
fellows at the Trap on Wednesday evening,
January 25. As a hostess Mrs, Boardman
played her part in a charming manner, and
the dozen and a half fellows, without a doubt,
enjoyed the “feed,” which was certainly ex-
cellent. Some new records on the never-tiring
phonograph achieved the part of entertaining
the party, while Dougherty was made the
laughing-stock of the evening by those two
jolliers, Succop and Stinson,

Mr, Lewis tried holding a lighted match
before his history class to hold their attention
on the lesson. Very successful.

Poker games were quite frequent at the
Trap after “taps” until all interest was lost
because the faculty did not interfere.

Suggestion: Convert the basement dress-
ing-room into a smoking-room. Supply it
with a fire-place, card and pool tables, etc.

Edmund Miller has ieft this school and
gone to business college.

THE LATEST EDITIONS ON SALE AT THE TRAP.

“How I spend my allowance.” L. Mittag.

’
“How to keep step in march.” “Sammy. i

“How to take care of your complexion.”
Dougherty.

“How to be popular in school life.” Hassell.

“Chest development.” Olson.

“Flow to shoot (rabbits).” Robins.

“How I became captain.” Johnson.

“My last trip to the farm.” Gonzales.

“My bewitching eyes.” Marquez.

“How to get into the trap after midnight.”
Gameros. j

“Why I spend so much money on tobacco.”
Dougherty.

George Morrison returned to Prep. Wed-
nesday, February 1, after giving up his fresh-
manship in Rutgers College.

ARGO

They tell me the reason Mr. Risley is late
so often to school and to breakfast is because
he has to fix the fire at his cottage before
leaving.

Sullivan is the official chemistry inspector.
He calls on the class once a month.
—oO—

WHEN—
Will Farley stop trying to write “poetry”?
Will Marquez dtaw that knife?
Will Doc Dougherty buy some tobacco?
Will Hassell get a new time-table?
Will Schumacher come to Geometry?
Will Van Sickle get his French Lesson?
Will Succop get a shave?
Will Sammy lose his nerve?
Will the Drill break up?

On the afternoon of January 22 Mr. Board-
man delivered an excellent address to the
members of the college and the school Y. M.
€.A.’s in the school building.

Our friend “Bugs” is enjoying the proceeds
he received from the raffle of a suit of clothes
at ten cents a chance.

Fick came to school with a shiner, which he
claims he got in basket-ball practice. He may
be right.

“WANT ADS.”

A Bluff detecter.

Ko. Bo Ls Bs
A parrot, tea-pot, and black cat.

Y4. M. L..P..
A smile extinguisher.

U2. W. H. F.
More out for basket-ball.

L3. B..R.P:

A Blue Norfolk suit like Ley’s.

tie DE W. B. M.

 
THE ARGO ‘1

 

Tue Arco acknowledges the following ex-

changes: Acropolis, Advocate, Breeze, Bul-
letin, Chief, Caravel, Horace Mann Record,
Hilltop, Ides, Ledger, Magpie,.M. A. S.
Monthly, Mirror, Oracle (P. H. S.), Oracle
(M. V. H. S.), Orange, Poly Prep., Papyrus,
Polytechnic, Register, Red and White, Rev-
eille, Recorder, Sunnyside, Signal, Search-
light, Spectator, Targum, Vail Deane Budget,
Valkyrie, Wah-Hoo, X (cellentidea).

Acropolis, you are, as usual, one of the best
papers we have received. You are particularly
well arranged and each department is well
written up. —

Breeze, you have a neat appearance. Your
literary department is well edited, “Nerve”
is a remarkably well-written story. Your cuts
are excellent.

Bulletin, you need more cuts. “A Theatre
Party Over Three Hundred Years Ago” is a
cleverly-teld story.

Chief. We are glad to welcome you as a
new exchange. As you are just starting out
in life we wish you much success. You have
made a good start.

Horace Mann Record. We welcome you
also as a new exchange. Your stories are all
well written, “The Call of the Air” is par-
ticularly good.

Hilltop. Your mid-winter number has a
very appropriate cover. You have a well-
arranged paper in every respect.

Ides. Your exchange column is very poorly

edited. Aside from that fault the paper is
good.
Ledger. Your very attractive appearance

is worthy of commendation, You are very
complete and well edited, particularly in re-
spect to your exchange column.

You have a good cover design
Your editorials
The story, “The

Magpie.
and your cuts are excellent.
are many and to the point.
Kensington Cup,” is of a very high order.

Oracle. You also have good editorials.
Your exchange column is edited, but we ad-
vise an alphabetical arrangement. You criti-
cize others for the same fault that you your-
self have.

Orange. We notice a new cover design,
and it is well drawn. You are a very attrac-
tive paper. Your jokes are clever. Your ex-
change column needs bracing up.

Poly. Prep. You are a fine paper. “Fifi or
Lancelot ?” is very cleverly written. Your cuts
are excellent and we compliment-you on your
cover, It is a work of art.

Red and White. Why don’t you get more
cuts? Your exchange column is very weak.
Your athletic column is well edited.

Sunnyside. You have no departmental cuts
and both you editorial and exchange columns
are poor. Brace up, and let us see an im-
provement next issue.

Spectator. You are one of our best ex-
changes. Your cuts are clever and every de-
partment is complete.

Searchlight. Why do you use so much
space between your jokes, exchange criti-
cisms, etc.? You could get nearly twice as
much in your space. Your exchange column
is your redeeming feature.

Signal, You need more cuts. Otherwise
you are very good.
Trident. We admire your cover, but you

are sadly in need of cuts. Your jokes are
really funny.
 

S. ZIMMERMAN,

 

Barber.

 

Also Birds and Fishes.

881 GEORGE STREET.

LEWIS H. HOAGLAND,

Van Deursen Pharmacy,

Cor. George and Paterson Sts.
NEW BRUNSWICK Phone ’49

Also
Highland Park Pharmacy,

Raritan and Cedar Avenues,
HIGHLAND PARK, N. J. Phone 748.

WALTER N. ABRAMS

Sanitary Plumbing,
Steam and Hot Water Heating
Gas Fitting and Tinning.
138 GHURGH STREET.

Phone 593-J.

SCOTT'S BREAD

Railroad Avenue

Phone 140-W.

 

GeorgeJ. Kuhn, Jr.
356 GEORGE ST.
Smokers’ Articles

 

Mayo & Volkert
Furniture Company

(Incorporated)
Repairing and Upholstering

1 Paterson Block

New Brunswick
Phone 409-W.

 

REGAL SHOES FOR YOUNG MEN

A:T
ARCH ER’S,
No. 17 PEACE STREET.

 

 

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

Agent Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company
Also Agent and Dealer in Farm Langs,

NATIONAL BANK OF NEW JERSEY BU(LDING,

NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our co

lumns, please mention THE Arco.

 

 
—

Hingher's Big Furniture Sale

    
     

   

A wedding suggests the establishment of a New

—a new home suggests Furniture for that he Heasd oo
niture suggests this house as the one wher ais find
in complete assortments and very Reasonable Prices if oe
want to select a singlegift piece orb te furs
ment. We bave the goods on the how. The
largest, cleanest, freshest stock

Dor to §
ck in the city. Sanit
mattress, Worth $16.00, at $12.00 Mattresses R ae

by Electric Machine ‘enovated
Upholstering, Repairing af Every Deseription

HINGHER’S FURNITURE HOUSE

One Block from trolley, George and Schureman

116 Neilson Street

Genuine Antique Furniture
Telephone 639 NEW BRUNSWICK

Mann Bros.

—_.

Cut Price Cash Grocer
152 EASTON AVENUE

—_—_

Telephone 757-W

New Brunswick New Jersey

LEWIS BOARD

BUILDER

Phone 471-W New Brunswick, N. J.

CGC. W. RUSSELL

French & Schuyler
Streets

Can justly claim that he can furnish
as Good and Clean Coal as can be
found anywhere. A trial order will
convince you of this fact .

 

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

SNYDER’S

New Brunswick’s
Leading Market...

 

 

 

57 ALBANY STREET

 

Full Line of Foreign and Domestic
Wall Papers

 

Painting »« Paperhanging
ROBERT S. TURTON

 

PHONE 187-W

185 Neilson St.

New Brunswick, N. J.

Superior Quality
PRINT ON G...

In Biack and Colors

Morrison @ Blue
Printing Co.

7-11-13 Bethany Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
arr2rer

 

 

Phone 750 And we will call on you

 

a

i i menti
When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please me

on THE Arco.

 

 
 

NIFTY SHOES FOR YOUNG ee st

$3.00, $3.50,

Foot-ball -  Basket-ball

$4.00
- And Athletic Shoes

HARDING & MANSFIELD

9 PEACE STREET

D. D. WILLIAMSON

ARCHITECT

National Bank of New Jersey Building

New Brunswick

New Brunswick. N. J.

HARVEY IREDELL, D.D. S.
National Bank of New Jersey Building
George St., cor. Church
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Compliments of

The Great
Atlantic
And Pacific
Tea Co.

 

s
ve Globe Furniture Co.
9.
Can't 195-203 NEILSON ST-
Near Church St.
Improve
With the passing of years the Morris
Chair gains in popular favor. And
On why not, since its luxurious com-
fort is ideal? Adapted to so many
Th different heights and weights, it is
e beyond compare for all around use-
fulness. We are agents for the Royal
Mortis Push Button Morris Chair. Many dif-
ferent styles to choose from.
Chair New Brunswick N. J.

 

366 George Street

Phone 52 & 53

NEW BRUNSWICK New Jersey

 

Compliments

Of
A Friend

O. O. STILLMAN

Jeweler and Optician

And Dealer in Diamonds, Watches, Clocks, &c.
Keys and Society Badges Made to Order

 

EYES PROPERLY FITTED
RUTGERS COLLEGE SEAL AND PIN

33 Albany St,

 

 

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

H. Il NEW,

DEALER IN
Everything Good to Eat,

Drink and Smoke,
112 SOMERSET STREET.

 

M. J. GRAHAM
CATERER

Large and Small Dining Room. Large Banquet Hall
DANCE HALL FOR PRIVATE DANCES

 

74-76 Church Street.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 

 
 

eT -

 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS

ee

145th Year

 

A high grade collegeditting sch
eaownal edvantages: & ool, closely associated with fine old Rutgers College, and therefore enjoying

THERE ARE T ‘
WO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY
Also a strong faculty of professional)

mediate supervision of the headmaster, Exveltonn a tonchers. Comfortable school home under the im-
Interesting social and athletic li ae
etic life. Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball. Boy Scouts of America,

ERE IS A G cLEMR
TH OOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL

In the Elementary School both gi :
. ris 7
school T PERE a either as day sinelie oc on are received. Boys of all ages received in either
EXPENSES .— At the House.—The r ;
; SE. egul,
$400. Beys have individual beds lees ie bec of the honse are $450 a year, a few rooms being rated at

uarter, have been adopted: Pri ated by steam. Day Pupils,—For day pupils the followi tes,
Beauty Grae, $1.00 ath and Seen Pein gu sens 42.0 Tntermallate Department ~ Fra
Second Form, $18.00; Third Form, $20 00; 1 Grades, $15.00, Academic Department.—First Form, $16.00;

: Fourth Fo 9
These school easily si h Form, $24.00,
Th chools are easily accessible from all directions. Ouly cua Boat idm ‘New: York, Pavecte wakaval

want to patronize an easily si : :
touch with the home,” accessible school, for in ease of illness or accident or other emergency the son is in quic
: Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

_

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Rutgers College

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

Scneeeneannenerersereernnenneneneenens

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT IS THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT
BROAD AND THOROUGH is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords | and the Mechanic Arts.
In this Department there are eight full courres, each

unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the a
leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc,

Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

A Course in Agriculture.

A Course in Civil Engineering.

A Course in Chemistry.

A Course in Electricity.

A Course in Boba,

A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
A Course in Mechanical Engineering.

. A Course in General Science.

ey onee Es

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives

the degree of A.B. ¥ And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does

not lead to a degree.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in For catalogues and other information, address IRVING S.
i i i PSON, Registrar.

which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for | U .

Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt. W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D,, LL.D., President.

 

 

 

the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco,

When ‘patronizing
 

J. HEIDINGSFELD

PRINTER
BINDER
PUBLISHER

No. 42 ALBANY STREET

 

John Phil Christ

BAKERY
THE PREP. LUNCH

 

 

Cream Puffs
And All Kinds
Of Dainties

 

 

EXTRA ORDERS QUICK AND GOOD

 

Cor.

Easton Ave. and Somerset St.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

John M. Arniel Geo. G. MacPherson

JET WHITE
Steam and Hand Laundry

80 Church Street

Telephone 47 New.Brunswick,'N. J.

I, S- Van Derveer
Photographer

High Grade Portraiture
Commercial and Landscape
Photography. A Specialty in
Large Groups ‘ r

Studio
355 GEORGE STREET
New Brunswick New Jersey

 

HENRY J. TICE

Florist and Decorator

Cut Flowers Constantly on
Hand. Choice Palms, Ferns
and Bedding Plants
Gardening done by Day
Month or Season
Wedding and Funeral
Decorations . . 2 + + s

356 GEORGE STREET
Phone 605 New Brunswick, N, J,

(a ee

 

 

H. Mitleman Ray Davis

Royal Furniture Go.

Dealers in

Furniture, Rugs, Matting
and Linoleum

 

66-68 Albany Street

New Brunswick New Jersey

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
 

 

JOHN P. WALL

High 6 Grate Tailoring Landsberg Store

Known As
5 “The Leading
Dry Goods
Church St. Department
New Brunswick, S qT 0 R E "
wat But Also Everything in
_ the way of Furnishings

for Men and Young Men
: Leading Styles at Lowest
Special Prices

Discount GEORGE & ALBANY STS.

to Students New Brunswick, New Jersey

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,

68 and 70 Albany Street.

 

 

NEW OPERA HOUSE

BIJOU GIRGUIT CO. MANAGERS

 

 

NEW JERSEY'S HANDSOMEST PLAYHOUSE
PRESENTING

 

 

EACH BILL

Vaudeville On The Biggest Scale Ever co
6--STELLAR FEATURES--6 wNPICTURES. DE LUXE

3 PERFORMANGES DAILY AT 3, 7 AND 9
Entire Change of Program Mondays and Thursdays
PRICES seve 2. : : 38 | PRICES stan...
. e« © e« « 206 fF 79 O——8—REErEQ  —6RBARUUINE elec Ul 10c

EVENINGS GALLERY - - - = + 10c MATINEES GHILDREN. ... .

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 

 

 
 

We Would be Glad to Have You Try

ZONWEISS

A DELIGHTFUL DENTAL CREAM

 

Whitens The Teeth
Prevents Decay
Hardens The Gums
Pleasant To The Taste

In a Gollapsible Tube at

25c
All druggists sell it

Johnson @ Johnson

NEW BRUNSWICK New Jersey

THE

“Greater YOUNG Store"
WAISTCOAT SALE

Our line being broken after the holi-
lays, we are offering all our Waist-
coats that were $4.50, $4.00, $3.50
and $2.00 at

You're in right if you hurry right in

for one right now.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co.

 

Corner
George and Paterson Sts.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

 

 

Bissett’s Drug Store

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU
WHEN IN NEED
OF DRUGS, MEDI-
CINES, TOOTH
BRUSHES, TOOTH
POWDER, SOAP,
COMBS, BRUSHES,
SODA AND MILK
SHAKES .....

420 George Street

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

Rutgers Preparatory School
Book Store

W. R. REED

School, Office and General
Stationery Supplies of Every

Description .

380 George St.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

 
