(9-05

VOL. XVI.—No. 1
OCTOBER, 1904

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.
THE ARGO.

DAUL F. WILLIAMS,

BEAL -ESTAD
43 PATERSON ST.. NEW BRUNSWick

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY.

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

a FINE JOB PRINTING ¢&

Of Every Description.

 

 

 

i]

 

 

 

ot

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

BMS GedePePeah
aQee Gos Qos eee Boe dee echee Bongo Seeker Boed ee
QeGugehePepeBr heh

 

9 PEACE St. New Brunswiox,

P, J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPAny,
new srockor DRESS GOODS & SILKS | Curpets, Mattings aud Rugs.

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. Linoleums and Oil Cloths,

SUITS AND JACKETS, LAD LDREN'S, and Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains,

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 2/ CHURCH srreer.

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 

 
THE ARGO. ee II

HAGEMAN’ S
High Class Clothing and Furnishings

Stein-Bloch Clothing. Knox Hats. Dent and Fownes Gloves.
Kaiser-Barethea Neckwear.

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWABYS HAT STORE,

(Established 75 Years)

Caps, Drill Gloves and Furnishings.
CHURCH STREET. NO. 29.

“THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

Peace street and Conimetce square,

 

George and Paterson streets.
(= Tabard Ino Library station at our George street store.

| BeU-TAPREN,

JEWELER.

 

Ali Kinds of Society Emblems
Made to Order.

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

LS. VAN DERVEER
Photographer
Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
355 George St., New Brunswick.

 

LYONS & PARKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc.

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N.J.

Rutgers Prep.

 

L. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

359 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
THE ARGO.

Ill

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

 

W. R.

REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

380 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

NOW BOYS GO TO

Opposite Y.M C.A. LOWENSTEIN’ 5: 39_Churcl Church h street

For your wares !n Hats and Furnishings.

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of
Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Jacob Weber,

MERCHANT - TAILOR,

417 George St.

 

. Graham & McCormick,

Caterers and Confectioners
FANCY CAKE BAKERS.
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

Tog, 111, 113 Church St,

ERNEST DEVER

 

Always new things to b to bead. had.

A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

SHOES

AT LOWEST PRICES.

—_—-

WILLIAM J. SENGS,

Rutgers Prep. School

Shoe Stores.

——

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

Repairing Neatly Done.

Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

——

Whan patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
Cn i AeGO).,

 

 

 

Vou. XVI.

New Brunswick, N. J., OcTOBER, 1904.

No. 1.

 

 

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

<>

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

FRANCIS MARMADUKE POTTER,
Editor-in-Chief,

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana,

FERDINAND S. SCHENCK,
TRACY S. VOORHEES,
CLARKSON STELLE,

S, ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.

EDWIN H. HALSTEAD,
SAMUEL B. VROOMAN, | Business Managers.

' Néws.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shouid be addresstéd to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
ohe side of tht paper only.

Officers of tne school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

September 2oth has at last arrived; the day
to which we have long been looking \orward
with mingled feelings of pleasure and sorrow
pleasure when we thought of again meeting
our old school fellows, sorrow when we realiz-
ed that our vacation was rapidly drawing to
a close, and that we must soon go back to long
and weary hours of hard study.

We are glad to find that all our teachers of
last year are back in their accustomed places,
and it also gives us great satisfaction to note
the large number of new scholars who have
joined us this year; in the name of the school
we extend to them a hearty welcom.

The members of our old illustrious fourth
form are, “though lost to sight, to memory
dear.” They have gone out from among us
leaving an empty place, which it would seem
it were impossible to fill, but we are confident
that from our present fourth form men will
appear, competent to také arid to fill their
plates.

We scarcely dare expréss a hope of equall-
ing in merit the work of thé distinguished edi-
tors who have preceded us, but we intend to do
our best to make the ARGO intéresting, and a
success in the school.

Two school songs have been composed by
one who is now an alumnus. Théy have been
printed and freely circulated before, but, as
many new scholars have entered the school,
who are not familiar with them, we venture
to publish them again in the ARGO. One is
a stirring foot-ball song which every student
of the school should immediately learn, if he
has not already done so.

Our foot-ball team has plenty of enthusiasm
within its own ranks, but we can and should
help it in every way within our power; finan-
cially, by joining the Athletic Association and
promptly paying our dues; personally, by at-
tending the games, and by hearty participation
in the rooting and singing. Nothing is moré
inspiring to the players on the field working
to uphold the honor of the school, than to hear
the sweet strains of the foot-ball song wafted
to them from a score or so of lusty throats.

We would suggest that someone be appoint-
ed before each game to lead the cheering and
singing, and then the members of the school
should assemble somewhere on the grounds in
a compact body, and put their whole soul into

 

 
THE ARGO

2

the cheering. Last year’s foot-ball record of
seven consecutive victories can scarcely be
beaten, but if the team will do its part, and
the whole school lend its hearty support, we

may hope to equal it.

 

To the Editor-in-Chief of the Argo:—

The Class of 1904, like “Pa” in “Mrs. Wiggs
of the Cabbage Patch,” is “gone, but not for-
gotten,” and lest they should be, they left a
piece of statuary—very beautiful, indeed—
which, like that excellent class itself, contains
many things hard to be understood; concern-
ing which the ignorant and unlearned are in a
state of grave doubt and perplexity.

Wherefore, Mr. Editor, I should like to have
the benefit of your classic learning on these
mind-disturbing questions.

In the first place I should like to know what
the title of this piece of art is. I have been
told that it was intended to portray “David
Drawing a Sword.” Put on examination this
appears improbable. For if David were draw-
ing a sword he would not be looking at the
sheath as he appears to be doing, but the cor-
rect dramatic position would be for him to be
glancing heroically into the air where he ex-
pects to whirl the sword the next moment. I
would like to know what the brave lad is do-
ing.

Furthermore, may I ask what event in Da-
Vid’s life this beautiful creation of art is int-
tended to portray. I have spent some time
in looking up the history of that ancient
worhty and have found that the best accounts
of him are to be had in a somewhat neglected
old book on Ancient History. Now in study-
ing up the question, I found that the only
scene of his life that bears any resemblance to
this piece of sculptural art is when he slew a
certain marvelous giant of terrifying propor-
tions. And this is further verified by some-
thing like a head down by David’s feet. To
be exact, David’s right foot is in the giant’s
left eye—a singularly appropriate position,

considering that David, even in his most dra-

matic moments could not help putting his foot
in it, so to speak.

On further comparison, however, with the
Scriptural narrative, it appeared that either
this could not he intended to represent that
scene, or else the sculptor was not of sound
mind and sane judgment. I prefer the latter
explanation. Apparently that man wanted to
show off David to the best advantage, so he
pictured him as, after having killed Goliath
and cut off his head, putting his best foot for-
ward on the giant’s decapitated noddle and
dropping the sword back into its sheath—or
preparing to whirl it dramatically about his
heoric head, as you, Mr. Editor, please. But
there is a discrepancy between this and the Bib-
lical account. For, according to the latter, Da-
vid fought the giant armed with no weapon
but a sling shot, wherewith he knocked that
poor fellow on the forehad so that he killed
him. Then he took Goliath’s sword and cut
off his head. Now, according to the official
measurements this giant stood eleven feet ten
inches high—in his stocking feet, I presume—
and his sword, to be in proportion, would have
to be as long as David was. But the artist has
pictured it as a nice little sword just in pro-
portion to David’s shorter stature. This may
be artistic, but it is not accurate. One might
wish that the sculptor knew a little more Bible
and somewhat less art, if necessary.

Also, Mr. Editor, will you kindly tell me
what that rag about David’s head is for? I
thought perhaps it was because the poor boy
had a headache after his excitement; but I
concluded that it was to keep that part in his
hair nicely laid. I would be grateful if you
could tell me. Certainly I hope he isn’t suf-
fering from a nervous headache; that would
be terrible.

And furthermore, may I ask if the hair on
the top of the giant’s head (at the rear of the
statuette) was intended purposely to look like
a cabbage patch or a fungus growth such as
appears on trees.

Since this beautiful work of art is something
that we must all sit and behold with such won-
THE

der and awe, every day, it is but fitting that
you, Mr. Editor, should throw that glaring
light from the torch of your knowledge, which
never seems to flicker, upon the lamentable
state of darkness and doubt wherein we are
enfolded.

Yours, respectfully,

STULTISSIMUS.

It gives us great pleasure to receive this let-
ter from one of the students, for it shows an
earnest desire on the part of our inquiring
young friend to acquire more knowledge con-
cerning matters of history.

We are glad that we can ariswer his many
puzzling inquiries, and assert positively that
the dramatic scene set forth in this work of art
which he has so ably described, is ‘“David’s
Triumph over Goliath.”

The bandage about David’s head probably
served two purposes. One, that of protection
from the chilly air as he watched over his
flocks by night; the other that of keeping his
hair from getting into his eyes and obscuring
his vision.

We fear that our young friend’s sugges-
tion of the resemblance of Goliath’s hair to a
cabbage patch, only goes to prove his woeful
lack of experience in miatters pertaining to art.
If he desires fuller details of the battle between
those two men of old, we would recommend
to him the careful perusal of the ancient book
of history which he mentioned. This particu-
lar incident will be found in Book IX, Chap.
17. (Eprror. )

 

THE CLASS OF 1904.

Corbin, Fisher, Lang and Taverner are re-
lieved from the awkward squad in the Rut-
gers College Cadets and are to show some of
the new recruits how to drill.

Fisher and Watson played on the college
football against Stevens. Hageman is smiling
with his accustomed delightfulness as a Fresh-

man.
Hall is visiting in various parts of the

ARGO 3

country. At latest advices he was at Saranac
Lake.

Kilmer is in Rutgers as a Freshman. Las
bau is in the drug business at his home, Hope:
well, N. J.

Landers has gone into business in Addi-
son, N. Y.

Mettler has entered Princeton University:
Miller is a Rutgers Freshman.

Opdyke has entered Purdue University.
Verdi passed all his examinations for Har-
vard, many of them with credit, and is a
Freshman there.

Warner has entered Drexel Institute, Phila-
delphia. ffl

Watson and Tavernier are Freshmen in Rut-
gers. We understand that Sam has become
general writer on the blackboard in the class
in civics.

Woodbridge has embarked in the telephone
business.

All our boys distinguished theniselves in the
rope-rush.

 

OTHER ALUMNIANA.

E. Rapalje, ’96, is to be married Oct. 22, to
Miss F. R. Corbin, of Oxford, N. Y.

Miss E. B. Corbin, ’96, Vassar, 1900, has
been visiting at the Trap.

A. V. Schenck, 1901, has been seriously ill
during the summer.

A. Carpender, 1903, has been visiting his
parents in New Brunswick, on vacation from
the Naval Academy, Annapolis.

Mittag, 1902, rode up to the Trap in a auto-
mobile a few days ago and made a call.

Buttler, 1900, is in West Point.

Ch. Wilber, 1901, has gone to St. Louis to
represent Rutgers in the Inter-Collegiate Ath-
letic tournament with the Indian clubs.

Ben Johnson, ’95, is running a large farm in
Virginia.

Riggs, ‘96, is a newspaper editor in the Phils
ippines.

Miss Stelle, 1904, has gone to Hacketstown
Seminary.

Miss M. Scott, 1904, has entered Vassar, but

 

 
 

THE ARGO

4

wil Itake a post-graduate year at Rutgers

Prep.
Ashley, 1904,
Murphy, 1902, is manager ©
Glee Club.
William Baird Wyckoff, ’98, was married
to Miss Carolyn Veghte, of this city, Oct. 10.

is in business in New York.
f the College

 

NEWS OF THE TEACHERS.

Dr. and Mrs. Payson spent a part of the

summer at Lake Placid, N. Y.
Mr. Ferguson and Mr. Nuttman took an

outing in the wilds of Canada.

Mr. Mills and Mr. Riedel took a long and
healtful canoe trip among the lakes of North-
ern New York.

Mr. Scott made a trip to Europe.

Miss Cary spent the summer at Bingham-
ton, N. Y.

Miss Biles visited Ithaca during the sum-
mer and studied at Cornell University.

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL.

The tune is “Old Folks at Home.”
. Down where the Rar'tan is flowing,

Out to the sea,

There’s where my heart’s devotion’s owing,
There is the school for me.

Famed are her walls in song and story ;
Honoured her name;

Her sons unite to sound her glory,
And to uphold her fame.

CHORUS.

Rutgers Prep. School! Hall of Learning!
Other schools above.

My heart for thee is ever yearning,
True to the school I love.

_

2. “Scarlet and White” is waving o’er me,

Floating on high.

Long has that banner gone before me,
Gleaming against the sky.

Proudly its silken folds I cherish,
Sacredly pure.

Ne’er shall its scarlet splendour perish,
Always its white endure.

Cho.

FOOT-BALL SONG.
Air—Battle Hymn of the Republic.
Come all ye Rutgers Prep. School men and

sing our foot-ball song
And swell the mighty chorus that will help
the team along;
Our hearts are true to Rutgers Prep.,
Our voices they are strong,
And we must win the game.

CHORUS.
Whoop ’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,
Whoop ’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,
Whoop ’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,
For we must win the game.

The Prep. School fellows take the ball and -
rush it down the field,

The line before us breaks and runs,

They know that they must yield,

And soon we'll score a touchdown and to all
’twill be revealed

That we must win the gamie.

Cho.

Now let us join together in the good old Prep.
School cheer,
And give it with a hearty will and shout it loud
and clear.
Let’s make thiose fellows in the field
Aware that we are here,

Tor we must win the game.
Cho.

 

MEETING OF HE ATHLETIC
ASSOCIATION.

On Thursday, Sept. 29, the regular fall
meeting of the Athletic Association was held
in Prof. Mills’ room, at which about forty-five
were present. The president, Mr. Devan, pre-
sided. Messrs. Kirkpatrick and J. Voorhees
were nominated for the position of manager
of the foot-ball team. Kirkpatrick was elected
the vote standing 29 to 17.

Nominations were then in order for the of-
fice of secretary-treasurer. Messrs. Vrooman
and Thomson were put up and Vrooman was
THE ARGO

elected by a majority of twelve votes, the votes
in this case also being 29 to 17.

‘The question was then brought before the
meeting as to whether the constitution should
be revised. It was moved and seconded that
the president appoint a committee to look over
the constitution and revise it as it saw fit. Hal-
stead, Vrooman and §$. Nicholas were ap-
pointed on this committee.

There being no further business, the meéet-
ing was adjourned.

FINANCIAL REPORT OF THE ARGO
For Season of 1903—1904.

 

RECEIP''S.
Received for 1903-1904 .......... $151.90
EXPENDITURES.

Paid out for 1903-1904 ...1.4.4.... $150.82
Totaly FEGEIPES) 230535 Fisseos< wh has Sisisstie ore $151.90
Total expenditures ..... bxei'ehe bre 150.82
Balanee i323. Hass Geet ate etedivaieien., PISO

B. Miter,

S. WARNER.

Business Managers.

A PILGRIMAGE TO AND FROM
DAKOTA.

If, in recounting the various incidents and
accidents which befell me upon this journey,
my memory has mislaid itself at all, it is with
the time or place when and where certain
things occurred and not with the things them-
selves. ‘They all happened and were indelibly
impressed upon my mind at the time. More-
over, I wrote them down in a sort of diary
kept during the trip and from which I shall
quote somewhat; but as I neglected to put
down dates and sometimes even the names
of places, there may be some confusion as to
locality. It was twelve years ago, and some
indulgence might well be granted my story on
that account, if no other.

My husband and I had traveled together
as far as Hornellsville, N. Y., and the journey
thus far has been free from incident and thor-
oughly enjoyable, so that I started alone with

5

only the natural foreboding of a nervous and
weak minded female.

Thus begins the diary (it is without date).

“I wonder if my acquaintances saw me this
morning while I was saying good-bye to that
long-suffering husband of mine? Wonder
if he will ever recover on that accident policy
which I so solemnly confided to his care. Won-
der—Oh the conductor is coming again. “Con-
ductor, how long before we reach Buffalo?
Isn’t the train behind time? Where do we
stop for lunch? How long?” Dear me, he’s
gone, and he looked real cross. Yes, we are
behind time—he admitted that.

“T have read until I am tired. I have stud-
ied the pose of that woman’s head and her
back hair ’till I am tired of doing that, though
both pose and arrangement are artistic. Night
is approaching and the place where passeng-
ers are to be transferred to the ‘sleeper’ is still
far away. How lonely am I. (This is pathetic
in the extreme. I hope you all brought hand-
kerchiefs). Séven, eight; nine, o’clock. At
this hour we are uncerimoriously hustled out
of our car into another half full of soldiers
returning from some pleasure excursion. We
are still far away from the sleeper and I am
a scared and worried woman. These soldiers
have imbibed far too freely of the flowing
bowl and the two in front of me have nearly
come to blows in some dispute. Knowing that
they all carry fire-arms there is general con-
sternation among the other passengers as well
as myself—for there are several other lonelorn
women waiting to connect with that ‘sleeper.’
Some of us compare notes and bewail our-
selves in undertones, keeping a watchful eye,
meanwhile, on our boisterous fellow travelers,

In somewhat over an hour another request
is made for us to move on and it is wit") any-
thing but a “Poor Joe” spirit that we gather
up our beiongings and follow the way indi-
cated. Whither this led, words fuil to p’cture.
into an emigrant car filled with voor, restless,
crying babies, disheveled mothers, and men
smoking and swearing—into an atmosphere
foul beyong expression and a car whose floor
THE ARGO

6

is covered with filth of all sorts and descrip-
tions. But for the darkness I shoul step back
to the platform and take my chances there,
but am yet yet so desperate as to desire that
accident policy to be clear again. I want, at
least, to delay matters for a while, so I raisg
the window and hold my head as near out as
I dare. These poor souls. They are so tired
and heart-sick that I suppose they care noth-
ing for the few blessings they might have free-
pure air and somewhat more of cleanliness.

“At twelve o'clock, exhausted and on the
verge of tears, I find myself in the sleeper at
last, and in vain attempt to raise my own spir-
its I remark to the porter that the night being
half gone, he ought to refund us half the
‘sleeper’ ticket money. Never joke fell flatter,
for he stares at me in silence and makes no re+
sponse.

“The morning reveals the fact that the crys-
tal of my watch is broken and that I must
take time in uncertain quantities until this is
repaired. ‘This mischance is almost imme-
diately followed by the discovery that some
of my money (concealed in foolish woman-
fashiori about miy clothirig) is missing. A
hurried visit to the dressing room where I
loosened my clothes before rétiring, réveals
the floor of that apartment liberally carpeted
with five dollar bills. I gather them up—not
one is missing—and returii to my berth, now
transiormed for the day.

“Somehow the day hasn’t begun auspicious-
ly, but nothing further happens until we reach
Chicago—where a long wait of nearly half
a day is necessary. I hunt up a jeweller and
have my watch repaired. Of course he has
to be told that I am traveling and must have
the watch within a certain time. He demurs—
says the watch face is of unusual shape, may
be hard to get, etc. He gets it, however, and
charges just fourt times what would be asked
in New York. While waiting for the watch I
take a car at random, hoping to see some pleas+
ant part of the city. To this day I don’t know
whether there is any, for that car went through
the slums if ever car did. I am glad to get

back to that extortionate jeweller and thence
to my train. Not having secured a ‘sleeper’
berth beforehand, I find that nothing but up-
per berths are left for sale.

“Consternation takes hold of me. I can nev-
er climb up, and if I do, I can never, never,
climb down again. However, I buy one and
when the conductor appears appeal to him to
know if he cannot induce some chivalrous man
traveler to exchange with me. The conductor
is a coarse red-faced man, and answers me in
such surly fashion that I retire into myself for
the space of half an hour, and might have
spent the night there had not the porter op-
portunely trotted in. To him I offer induce-
ments, which no porter can resist, and he
promises to do what he can for me. An hour
passed, and then another half, and it is close
upon eleven when he ré-appears with the joy-
ful information that I can have such and such
a lower berth. Worn out, but thankful, I
hastily disrobed and scramble in, feeling sure
that tiothing’ worse than a collision can occur
before morning. Wretched, mistaken, wom-
an.

“At about two o’clock the curtains of my
berth are suddenly parted, a light flashes in
my face, and the cotiductor’s gruff voice de-
marids how I come to be theré? Doubtless the
glimpse he catches of distended eyes, crimp-
ing pins standing at all angles, and hands
wildly clutching the covers, must give instant
satisfaction for he drops the curtains arid goes
away before I can stammer out that I have
exchanged berth with some one.

(Time has never been able to quell the
spirit of anger which rises within me to this
day whenever I think of this outrage. The
man was undoubtedly drunk. I never saw
him again, as he was transferred to another car
before I was up, but I don’t remember shed-
ding any tears over his disappearance. When
I reached Dakota my brother wished to trace
him out and enter a complaint against him, bat
I felt willing to let him work out his own un-
doing by way of the brandy bottle. This, T feel
sure, must haye happened long ago, and it is a
real solace.

 
THE ARGO

“But to return to the diary) :

“this morning I make the acquaintance of a
yery pleasant-faced Boston woman with cul-
ture written all over her. She has a most
sweet and motherly face albeit unmiarrie¢, and
I cannot help but mourn for the unhappy man
who has missed the good she might have
brought him. To her I unburden myself as to
a sister and she listens kindly to the recital of
my woes, though they must undoubtedly lure
her, unless she be secretly amused. Buc I find
her sympathetic to a degree.

“Ag we near St. Paul rather early int» day
and have to wait there until* late afternoon,
my dear Bostonian asks me to jo:n her in a
little excursion to Lake Minnetonka, a few
miles from the city and one of the show places
about there. We start, but very socn it be-
comes apparent that my sleepless rights and
worrisome days are to culminate in a ick
headache of the severest type. Soon I am
aware of nothing ‘but acute suffering. I am
blind to all nature’s beauties as we sail up and
down the lake, and only the exclamation of
those about me notify me that we are passing
some particularly picturesque spot. On our
return I find my way to a hotel aid sit in the
parlor in silent misery ‘till time to take the
evening train.

“When at last I stagger, rather than walk, to
the station, I find a sleeping car on and appar-
ently empty. The porter—the only one on this
journey who seems ever to have absorbed any
of the milk of human kindness—orfers to make
up a berth at once, an offer which I thankfully
accept, and lie down, hoping that sleep will
now certainly refresh me.

“About nine o’clock the berth opposite mine
is made up and a woman with a six weeks’ old
baby takes possession. Wails become the or-
der of the night, but so low and feeble are they
that my slumbers are not much disturbed.
When in the morning I look upon the baby’s
wizened face I know that he is dissatisfied with
this world and will soon discard it for another.
Such attenuated limbs, such weak little cries,
such an old little face, albeit so new to earth,

7

The poor tired young mother is very ignorant
of many things she should have known in car-
ing for the child. I try to impart some of my
own small stock of baby knowledge, but per-
haps I am as ignorant as she. She is going
from her father’s home to that of her husband
where hard work and heavy cares await Ness
but I feel sure that the dearest care will i
hers only a short time longer.

“At two o’clock to-day I reach Larimore,
my journey’s end, and the first salutation of
a friend is this: ‘Why, M————, you aré
sick!”

(To Be Continued.)

 

SLOAN PRIZES.

On the morning of October 11th, Dr. Payson
made the pleasing announcement that the two
Samuel Sloan prizes for entrance examinations
into Rutgers College had been captured by two
Prep. School men of the Class of 1904—-Al-
fred Joyce Kilmer and Ripley Watson.

These prizes, established in 1883 by the Hon.
Samuel Sloan, of New York, a trustee of the
College, are as follows: A first prize of $100
in cash and a scholarship yiciding $300; and
a second prize of $50 in cash and a scholar-
ship yielding $300.

These prizes are offered to the two Fresh-
men passing highest the entrance examinations
in Classical studies—Greek, Latin, Mathema-
tics, either French or German, English and
American history.

Mr. Kilmer, who won the first prize, was
Editor-in-Chief of The Argo during the year
1902-3. He also won the second prize in the
Lane Prize Speaking Contest of 1903, and,
when he graduated last June from the Prep.
School, he was awarded the second prize in
oratory at the Commencement exercises. Mr.
Kilmer is a resident of this city.

Ripley Watson, who was awarded the sec-
ond Sloan prize, graduated with Classical hon-
or last June. During his Prep. School days
he was also a prominent athlete, being especial-
ly famous for his foot-ball abilities. Mr. Wat-
son’s home is in Jersey City, N. J. This is the

 
8 THE
first time in recent years that both these well
known Sloan prizes have been taken by gradu-
ates of Rutgers Preparatory Scohol, although
a number of Prep. School men have taken the
prizes singly. Among them are Louis Bevier,
’o1, Martin Schenck, ’oo, and Austin Scott, 99.

 

FINANCIAL REPORT OF THE A. A.
For Base-ball Season of 1903-1904.

 

RECEIPTS.
Received for dues. . 6.0.05 eeesee $38.25
Received for games:
Cedarcroft at New Brunswick ...... 8.25
Barnard at New Brunswick ....... 6.25
Erasmus Hall at New Brunswick .. 11.00
Stevens at New Brunswick ........ 9.00
Plainfield at New Brunswick ....... 21.60
H. R. Military Acad. at New Bruns’k 10.50
SUNGEIES ss .ccisitaxscovelatarcecepougie’e ore essiors 35
Carried forward ...........05 somes, 83:77.
Total receipts ...........+..+ $189.37
EXPENDITURES,
Basesballs i iagiesd gecpereess i duets $2445
Cedareroft at New Bruriswick...... 5-40
Trenton at Trenton ...... Mere 6.12
Barnard at New Brunswick ........ 7.56
Erasmius Hall at New Brunswick:... 10.70
Plainfield at New Brunswick .:.... 15.50
Stevens at New Brunswick ....... + 11.40
H.R. Military Acad. at New Bruns’k 17.30
$73.98
Athletic Goods:

J SNITtS ‘Aty$2i00. oescieisiese ai biaicleya.s,s « $14.00
7. Pantsiadt H2i00) 3b siete ¥ ssieiedsesieress 14.00
IO CapS at SOC oo... nseceecoeceevces 5.00
Qj) DAts-2s.s-sakiom, sa nermonar tiene 7.70
4 pairs. of stockings: sc:4%. cesses va 3.00
DAE DAG e.iicsereie aieiejelotniete ¥oleiereraislejiis 2.00
Lettering: on: shifts! oes scsaesice sas .30
EEXpresst sysrezesiies 6 oeie lie eis ayatereiee ayes .40
I chest protector .......sceeecoees 4.00
I 1st base glove saswae is cnwmns sass 3.50
Sundries) ssceare cuneuts casewere ves 3.08

ARGO

Total expenditures ............000, $154.41
—_———«

TOtal fECOIpts) i552. creep sieio wisleisia is sce sore $189.37
Total expenditures: 20. s.cccae sos 154.41
$34.96

E. W. Lasaw, Treasurer,

OPENING OF SCHOOL.

Tuesday, September 20, 1904, Rutgers Prep,
School again opened its doors to receive the
eager throng of students. The session was
opened by singing America and one of our
school songs.

Dr. Payson made the students a short ad-
dress, giving advice which it is hoped they will
follow. Most of the old scholars have returned
and many new ones have come here this year,
swelling our numbers to one hundred and one.
There are forty-nine in the Annex. The Trap
has also received an addition to its ranks in
the shape of eight stalwart young fellows, who
should be valuable additions to the foot-ball
team. They are Allgair, Black, Cox, Andrea,
Green, Coleman, Markley arid Scott.

SCHOOL CALENDAR.
1904.
Sept. 20, Tuesday, First Quarter begins.
Nov. 16, Wednesday, Secoiid Quarter be-
gins.
Nov. 24, Thursday, Thanksgiving Day.
Dec. 23-Jan. 10, Christmas Vacation.
1905.
Feb. 1, Wednesday, Third Quarter begins.
Feb. 22, Wednesday, Washington’s Birth-
day.
March 31, April 11, Spring Vacation.
April 11, Tuesday, Fourth Quarter begins.
May 30, Tuesday, Decoration Day.
June 14, Wednesday, Commencement.

RUTGERS PREPS. WON FROM
HEAVY SOMERVILLE A. A.
It’s a pity that more town folks couldn’t have
seen the Rutgers Prep. eleven vanquish the
Somerville A. C. on Neilson Field on Satur-
THE ARGO

day, but the game wsa only arranged late last
week, so that there was no chance to advertise
it. There were, however, about 200 people
out.

Though outweighed, the Preps. played rings
around the Somervilles who were composed
of players whose ages must have rariged from
18 to 27. Several of them were, in fact, bald-
headed mien. They couldn’t, however, phaze
the Preps. who went through their line as
though it was paper and circled the ends in
impressive fashion.

Somerville never once threatened the Preps,
goal. They played on the defensive most of
the time, and had all they could do to prevent
two scores being made against them, instead of
one. The score was 5 to 0,

All of the Preps did well, but special credit
is deserved by Captain Corbiti, Cox, Case arid
the irrepressible Nicholas brothers——Homé
News.

 

SOMERVILLE A. A. vs. RUTGERS PREP.

The Prep. School opened the toot-ball sea-
gon Saturday, Oct. 8, by defeating Sonierville
Athletic Club 5—o. .

The game started with Somerville receiving
the kick off. They ran thé ball back about ten
yards, but the Prep line held and Somerville
punted . Prep. gained about thirty yards, but
lost on dowhs. Somerville was agairi forced to
punt and the Prep. team rushed it dowii to the
five yard line by hard bucking.

With the ball ort Sonterville’s five yard line,
Case was called back and ripped through their
line for a touchdown. Andrea nearly made
the goal, but the ball hit the post. This left
the score 5—o in Preps. favor.

Somerville kicked off to Cox, who rushed it
back twenty-five yards, Corbin found a hole at
tackle for eight more, and C. Nicholas followed
with ten,

After this the Somerville line held and forc-
ed Corbin to punt. Somerville ran the ball back
twenty yards, but lost the ball on downs. Case
made a thirty yard run for Prep. but time was
called just as he received the ball.

 

It Pays to Dress
Well

Few things help a young man more on his
start in life. The time was when the expense of
dressing well was too great for the majority of
young men. But nowadays one ahs only to wear
clothing of A. Wolfson’s Sons make to place him-
self on a level in appearance with men who pay
large sums for their clothes.

Our Fall and Winter lines of Suits and Over-
coats is full of suggestions for young men who
appreciatethe value of neat and correct dress.
Special Sweaters and Sporting Goods are Here
for you.

 

 
IV THE ARGO.

After the ten minute intermission, Somer-
ville kicked off to Case, who ran the ball back
ten yards. They gained ten more by hard
bucking and Caseagain took the ball, this time
carrying the Somerville team on his back for
seven yards. C. Nicholas followed this with
a daring hurdle and a run of twenty-five yards.
Somerville got the ball on a fumble, but was
forced to kick. S. Nicholas ran it back ten
yards and Andreae tried a drop goal, but failed
to put the pigskin over the bars. Somerville
punted out from her twenty-five yard line to
Corbin, who ran it back fifteen. C. Nicholas
hurdled for four, but the ball was lost to Som-
erville.

Austin, their left half back made a twenty
yard run, but fumbled when he was tackled
and Allen got the ball. Andreae made two
seven yard runs and C. Nicholas made another.
The game was called shortly after this with the
ball on Somerville’s six yard line and the score
5—o, in favor of Rutgers Prep. Case and C.
Nicholas did sorte fine running for Prep., but
the game was marked by furnbling.

The line-tip:

Somerville A. A.
Right End.

Rutgers Prep.

Brokaw sini seaas anes PEreveer Matzke
» Right Tackle.
APGal os i tice oes ees ied ieraninn COX
Right Guard.
Wilcox ..%.5: hae al sats aovareaninente. “Allpair
Centre.
Stryker’ on. wengwitte se wiser Voorhees

Matthews) ois ie tairnetian Rieueasibiecs Allen

Bourke gaics crows dass fe wateee iteA ove (Case
Left End.
Scully. “an, vasa. re erence Hancock (Elberson)
Quarterback.
Garretson suv .1 iro ae ree S. Nicholas
Left Halfback.

Astin iiteravchaysisiezesareienetings 6 feees Andreae
Right Halfback.
Bergetiss...sscceesees Seen C. Nicholas
Fullback.

GASEY seid a cielo ae wees sia oles cuotonexoleendanas Corbin

WALL'S
SUITS

Are the standard for style and quality and his
establishment is the largest of its kind in Cen-
tral New Jersey.

Uniforms a specialty.

John P. Wall,

115 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Long Distance Wire.

 

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgérs Scientific School.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years. in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the “full four
years requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
the degree of A. B.

«on the completion of the full four yeats’ requirements
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State College for th e
ture and the Mechanic Arts. . ee
n ths Department there are six full courses, each
leading to the first degree in science, B. Sc.
Course in Agriculture.
A Course in Civil Engineering and M-chanics,
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.
6. A Course in Ulay Working and Ceramics,
And 4 short course of two years in Ceramics which does
nopiead tos degree. avothex 4
‘or catalogues and other information, address IRVING
8S. UPSON, Registrar. , i
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

AP err
THE ARGO,

BISSET’S DRUG sro

Vv
You will find us at 420 George street after November Ist,
Ls

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes,
oD

Soda and Milk Shakes,

CHAS. TAMM,

Carries a complete stock of College au d
School Supplies, as well as for Home, Society
and Business use.

footballs, Boxing Gloves, Punching Bags,
ea Clubs. McFadd

GO TO ss is

SEIFFERT BROS,

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
Sporting Goods,

50 Dennis STREET.

RUTCERS STABLES,

Crand Central Stables

Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs, Brushes

BOOKSELLER AND
376 George str
Sporting Goods and Hom

description always in stoc
shortest notice,

STATIONER,

eet.

e Pastimes of every
k and to order at

Jerseys and Sweaters, Dumbells

and Swinging
en’s Exercisers,

LOUIS LEITHEISER,
Barber and Hair Dresser

117 Albany St.,,
New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

23 to 29 E

on

  

and Automobile Station

68 and 70 Albany St.

i Argo.
When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Arg
 

 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J.

FOUNDED 17

 

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

cee eee eee
eeeeere eee

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

MISS MARY GREGG, }tastructor

For particulars addross

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

Nw Brunswick, N. J.

 
