VOL. XVI—No. 4
JANUARY, 1905

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
THE ARGO.

SAUL B WILEIAMS,

Be Bo) ae

 

 

 

 

 

 

43 PATERSON Sr.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

2, FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

“THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

George and Paterson streets.
{ja Tabard Ina Library station at our George street store.

BU Th PRE,

JEWELER.

All Kinds of Society Emblems Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

Made to Order.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS COMPANY,
DRESS SSS Carpets, Mattings and Rugs.

NEW STOCK OF
Linoleums and Oil Cloths.

In all the Newest Weaves and Colo’ rings.

SUITS AND JACKETS, 2250.
P. J. Young Dry Goods Co.,

Jirma.

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Ourtains.

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest

NEW BRUNSWICK

Peace street and Commerce square,

71 cilURGH_STREET.

 
THE ARGO. ~ TH

HAGEMAN’S
High Class Clothing and Furnishings

Stein-Bloch Clothing. Knox Hats. Dent and Fownes Gloves. ©
Kaiser-Barethea Neckwear.

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWARTS HAT STORE,

(Established 75 Years)

_ Caps, Drill Gloves and Furnishings.
CHURCH STREET, NO. 29.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

| In patent leather, wax calf, box calf

and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

   

 

 

9 PEaos Sr. Nsw Brunswiox.
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN, Photographer
Meme. tel Satering aad Weldiag | Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
45 ened aqueae 355 George St., New Brunswick.
LYONS & PARKER, L. VOLKERT,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc. Merchant Tailor,
CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS, 859 GEORGE STREET,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patromise the firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
THE ARGO.
p. SCHOOL BOOK STORE
—

w. R. REED,

yNBRAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. y.

i
RUTGERS PRE

scHOOL, OFFICE AND G

gg0 GEORGE STREET:
ona OW BOYS GO TO

CA. LOWENSTEIN’S, 89 Church h street,

d Furnishings. Always new things to bahaa a had,

=

Opposite YUE. Y.M
For your wares in Hats an

WILLIAM GAUB A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF..........

Dealer in All Kinds Of Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Meats and Sausages é S H O E S

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.

New Brunswick, N. J.
AT LOWEST PRICES,

Jacob Weber, ved
MERCHANT - TAILOR, | WITTTAM J. SENGS

4I7 George St.

. Rutgers Prep. School
Graham & McCormick, Sago

 

Caterers and Confectioners PAR SINS:
FANCY CAKE BAKERS. —e
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,
109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.
Repairing Neatly Done.

ERNEST DEVER Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
 

La Ee CO.

 

 

VoL. XVI.

New Brunswick, N. J., JANuARy, 1905. No. 4.

 

 

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

<>

BOARD OF EDITORS:

FRANCIS MARMADUKE POTTER.
Editor-in-Chief.

 

 

 

CHARLES E. CORBIN, Alumniana.

JOHN B, BLACK,
TRACY S$. VOORHEES, News.
WILLIAM G. PACKARD,

§. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
J. ED. ELMENDOREB, Annex Notes.

EDWIN H. HALSTED,
- SAMUEL B, VROOMAN, { Business Managers.

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

It has been the custom for many years in
this school to have the students speak before
the school any prose selections they choose.

It is certainly an excellent plan, for it ac-
customs one to speaking before audiences, and
thus gives him confidence in himself. This
training may prove to be of great value in
after life,

An alumnus of the school, Mr. Frank Lane,
has offered prizes annually to the two students
who deliver the best declamations. The stud-
ents enter into this contest with great spirit.
But now we are to go a step further, and when
the last round of regular speaking is con-

cluded, we are to write our own speeches, and
deliver them before the school. Dr. Payson
has given out six interesting subjects upon
which his English class are to write and speak.

This should be of even greater interest than
the regular speaking and it is hoped that all
will enter energetically upon this division of
school work.

 

For the past two years, the exchanges of the
paper have been put upon a shelf in the as-
sembly room. Everyone is thus enabled to
read and enjoy them.

But the only draw-back to this plan is, that
when the papers have been read, they are not
put back again upon the shelf, but are placed
in a desk or any other convenient spot, so that
when we come to make up our list of ex-
changes, many papers are missing.

When you have finished reading the ex-
changes, please replace them on the shelf and
thus save us trouble.

You would also oblige us by calling to our
attention any good points in the various pa-
pers.

The school seems to be desirous that a large
portion of the paper be devoted to the setting
forth of the comical blunders which the stud-
ents make from time to time.

We are willing enough to publish a reason-
able amount of them if we hear about them,
but it is very seldom that they are brought to
our attention.

If you hear of any good jokes in the class
room or at the Trap, please write them up and
hand them to some member of the board of
editors, or at least let us know about them
THE ARGO.

32

verbally,

them. . . .
If you hear or see any joke—not necessarily

the students—which you think es-
ease let us know about it; Jn
rt of the paper in which such
be made more of a

and if they are good we will print

on one of
pecially good, pl
this way that pa
things are dealt with, may

success. —_——_—————_
ALUMNIANA.
Ralph P. Badeau, Ex-’o4, is editor of the Red

and White, which is published by the students
of Battin High School, Elizabeth, N. J., where
he is now residing. Mr. Badeau is also Secre-
tary of his class, and President of one of the

literary societies in the school. ;
We hope very soon to include this paper in

our list of exchanges.
Miss Stelle, ’04, visited the school on Tues-

day, December 2oth.
George Kuehnle, ’oo, called at the school on
Thursday, December 22, and also Thomas

Mettler, ’04. :
Miss Cook, ex-’06, spent part of the Christ-

mas holidays in town.

Mr. Roy C. Burr, a former instructor of this
school, married on Saturday evening, Decem-
ber 31st, Miss Elizabeth B. Corbin, who was
the first young lady to graduate from this
school, and who later became a teacher in it.

 

THE CHRISTMAS BANQUET.

It has been the custom for the past fourteen
years for Dr. and Mrs. Payson to give an an-
nual banquet to those who reside at the Trap.
It is always given just before the Christmas
vacation, and is on that account called the
Christmas Banquet.

On the night of December the twenty-sec-
ond, nineteen hundred and four, the fourteenth
annual Christmas Banquet was held in the din-
ing hall at the Trap. The room was artistically
decorated with Christmas greens, and present-
ed a very festive appearance. The tables look-
ed very inviting and at each person’s plate
there was a small R. P. flag, which to our
eyes, added greatly to the effect.

About thirty were present, and after a de-

licious repast had been disposed of Dr
who ably filled the position of foal
called for the following toasts:

1. The Trap. Mr. Ferguson,
“A little bit of heaven below,”
2. Wild animals that I hav
Mr. Case. a
“Let bears and lions growl and fight
For God hath made them s0.”
3. The Annex. Mr. Scott.
“There is a land of pure delight.”
4. President Roosevelt. Mr. Hansen,
“See the conquering hero comes.”
5. Football. Mr. Packard.
“Gashed with honorable scars.”
6. Our Postman. Mr. Howard.
“Blow, blow thou winter wind,
Thou art not so unkind
As man’s ingratitude.”
7. Merry Christmas. Mr. Romeike,
“Why do bells for Christmas ring,
Why do little children sing?
Once a lovely shining star,
Seen by shepherds from afar,
Gently moved until its light
Made a manger-cradle bright.”
8. The Powers That Be. Mr. Coleman.
“That many-headed monster.”
9. Mr. Burke. Mr. Westervelt.
“Zounds, I was never so be-thumped with
words.”
10. The New Year and the Old. Mr. Markley
“Ring out the false,
Ring in the true.”
11. The Cadets. Mr. Cox.
“O, Johnny, get your gun, get your gun,
get your gun.”
12. The Argo. Mr. Vrooman.
Practical Wisdom.

Payson
Master,

13. Japan. Mr. Edward Scott.
“War, war, is still the cry; war to the
knife!”
14. Russia. Mr. Andreae.

The under dog.
15. Athletics. Mr. Riedel.
“Most awful istrument in working out 4

ptire intent.”
THE ARGO,

16. Our National Fowl. Mr. Mills.

“Good-bye! proud world.”

The Fourth Form. Mr. Green,

“They grow in beauty side by side.”

18, Our Guests. Mr. Corbin.

“For contemplation he and valor formed,

For softness she and sweet attractive
grace.”

Old Rutgers. Mr. Black.

19.
“Men may come and men may go, but I

go on forever.”

20. Music. Mr. Potter.

“The music in my heart I bore
Long after it was heard no more.”

Between the toasts, short and appropriate
songs were sung by the students. When all
the students had been heard from, Dr, Payson
caled upon some of the guests, and Messrs.
Nuttman, Bevier and Payson responded with
interesting addresses.

The toastmaster concluded the programme
with a few words, and invited all present to
adjourn to the reception rooms. There the
rest of the evening was agreeably spent in
general conversation.

Besides those who reside at the Trap, the
following guests were present: Misses Mars-
den, Shankel, Gregg, Biles; Rev. G. H. Pay-
son and wife, Dr. Bevier and wife, and Mr.
Nuttman.

 

RESPONSE TO THE TOAST
“PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT.”
By Mr. Hansen.

“Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen:
Perhaps it would be an exaggeration for me to
say, as some people think, that Mr. Roosevelt
owes all his success of the last election to Rut-
gers Prep. School; but, nevertheless, I might
say all the enthusiasm of the campaign began
in our friend, McFadden’s political club. At
every recess the boys would even break away
from their books to hear the eloquence of their
leader, whose voice, by the way, is not only
eloquent but also musical, and who, when once
started, could only be stopped by Dr. Payson’s
ringing a little bell. The boys would leave

33

those meetings to inspire the whole city with
enthusiasm for our President.

The climax arrived whe

bey n the people saw our

s—and one or two with that West Point
bearing they could not help but see—in the
great Republican parade. Sorhe men, mostly
Socialists, mocked, but thinking men know
that Rutgers Prep. School always stands on
the right, and seeing the boys in the parade
settled the question for them.

At about this time some of the boys weré
suspected of being Democrats at heart, and a
careful search was made by Mr. Westervelt,
who is a great admirer of our President, be-
cause both their names end in Velt, but of
course every boy was found to be a true Re-
publican from this search, which was made on
the day after election.

But sad it is to relate that two of our dis-
tinguished professors were Democrats, but
when we consider how the Democratic party
was so snowed under that only a foot re-
mained unburied, and how our professors bore
the result of the election, we come to the con-
clusion that they must have been somewhere
near the foot of their party.

President Roosevelt’s home, as you all know,
is on Long Island. Much might be said of that

- beautiful island, but I want only to predict

that in a few years Long Island will be known
as the place from which great men come. Peo-
ple will be saying: ‘If you want a great man,
go to Long Island.’ Of course doubters will
ask, ‘Where was he educated?’ but on being
told at Rutgers Prep. School, they will go
away convinced. (I live on Long Island.)

One great characteristic of our President
is his strenuousness. Well, you ought to see
our boys in their strenuous life. Chiefly does
this characteristic show itself at the breakfast
table—not what they do there, but how they
get there. It is sad indeed to see how difficult
it is for the poor professors to get down in the
morning.

But, in regard to Mr. Roosevelt, we might
say that we are glad he is our President, and
though we always want great men in that

 
THE ARGO.

34
position, still we hope some day to see there

a Rutgers Prep. School man.”
Si a

i THE TOAST
RESPONSE TO ae BURKR?
By Mr. Westervelt.

“Mr. Taskmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen,
or Toastmaster, I beg your pardon: When
I received my toast and saw that it was on Mr.
Burke, I began to wonder w.
subject should be given to me rat!

one else.
“T have come to the conclusion that I re-

semble Mr. Burke in some way. When I get
up to speak, I talk too long. It is said that of-
ten while Mr. Burke was talking, some of his
heedless audience would lie full length on the
benches and suck oranges and crack nuts. I
shall be careful about the length of my toast
to-night, or some of you may get tired of
listening and begin to suck oranges and crack
nuts.

“Last year I was assigned the Library, a
stationary object. This year I have been given
a movable object; I presume some think that
I am going to move out this year. They had
better not be too sure about that. I do not
think that my teachers would agree with them
on this point. However, I hope to be as suc-
cessful as a little frog I once heard of. Two
little frogs fell into a pan of milk. For some
time both swam around trying to find a way of
escape, but none appeared. Then one got tired
and said, ‘O shah! I’m not going to bother any
more,’ and sank to the bottom. The other little
frog kept paddling and churning until he had
formed some butter on top of the pan. Then
he got on top of it, and sprang out. So I keep
on churning every day, I don’t seem to gain
very much, but I hope that by June I will have
collected enough butter to bear me up, and if I
have enough strength left, I will leap out.

“You may wonder why I talk so much about
myself, but you see Burke talked a great deal
about himself in the Exordium of his greatest
speech, ‘Conciliation with America,’ and I am
simply following his example. We now come

hy that special
her than any-

to the ‘Statement of Facts.’ I 4 :
roast Mr. Burke to-night, aut i s
already in 1775, for who would have st = rare
for right in that day as he did, and bee up
famous Cook of our fourth form aa *
on the fire for about two hours the other ji =
so he must be pretty well done by this 4; ys
During those two hours, the cook was Hee
a volume about his captive, but it must ee
been only a volume of smoke, for I scidstand
that the examiner of his work gave him on}
seventeen cents on a dollar. Z

“Some think that Burke was dry. His writ-
ings may seem dry, but I do not think that he
was dry, especially while delivering his speech
for he was a fast talker and no doubt was rs
ten wet with perspiration. Why, I believe he
could talk faster than some of our Latin class
can translate Latin. He could at least go
faster than some of us can scan the Aeneid
and the best of all was, that when he got half
way through a line, he did not retrace his steps
and begin all over again.

“The scholars of our school seem to have a
peculiar abhorrence for bees, Bowser and
Burke. Bees stick you with their stingers. So
do Bowser and Burke. Bees stick you but
once, then die, but Burke is a different kind of
a bee. He is a capital bee (B) and the schol-
ars are now receiving the interest on that capi-
tal, for some are being, or have been stuck
every month. They receive their pay monthly,
and a hundred cents on the dollar, too. Burke
always pays his debts, he never owes anybody.
He lets the pupils do the owing (Ohing).
Some of these O’s of the scholars are very cold
and they form zeroes, in Dr. Payson’s little
book of daily recitations. Others are hot, for
they come from the heated lips of disgusted
students, when they say, ‘O dear, I wish Burke
fad never been born!’

“History tells of a man of extraordinary
qualities, who lived in the eighteenth century.
He was a man of principles, and of civil pru-
dence; he possessed high moral sentiments,
sound judgment, and broad conceptions, and
he was fearless in stating his beliefs. His
THE ARGO,

vords fell from his lips like blossoms from an
Ss tree in a fragrant orchard, when the
app hs are shaken by the forerunner of the
xs storm in spring. In swift succession
they came, some tinted with the soft blush of
apparent modesty, others daubed with warning
and unflinching rebuke. Often they fell un-
heeded and were trodden upon by thoughtless
feet. .
“On account of his remarkable foresight he
saw the storm of the Revolution of 1775 long
pefore it broke out in all its fury. In vain did
he plead with his conceited country to preserve
peace with its growing child, but lived to see
his country beaten in war, and thus his pro-
phecy fulfilled.

“That man was Edmund Burke.”

RESPONSE TO THE TOAST
“FOOTBALL.”
By Mr. Packard.

“Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen:
Football was never more popular than at the
present time. Some weeks ago a New York
newspaper published an editorial expressing
its joy that the public was manifesting its dis-
pleasure by staying away from such exhibi-
tions of brutality. People, perceiving that the
rules of the game have made it an immensely
dull and stupid performance, are prepared to
avoid football matches. Yet, look at these
facts, 35,00 opeople saw the Yale-Harvard
game; 30,000 witnessed the Yale-Princeton
and Army-Navy matches; and 30,000 the Yale
Columbia struggle, and at all four of these
games thousands more would have been pres-
ent if there had been seats for them.

Of course, at the close of every football sea-
son for the last six years, football has been
criticised, but this year the outburst has been
even more marked than ever before. One com-
plaint is that the game is becoming monoton-
ous because of so many mass plays and in-
stead of light, fast players, we see the ice wag-
on type, as Charley, Case and Cox. No crowd
will be as interested in a series of short, hard

35

deh by a mass of arms
be in end-runs behind

gains behind rushes hid
and legs, as they would

flying interference in an open field where every
Move of both assailants and assailed is visible
to every one of the sixty thousand eyes,

“There used to be plenty of these plays, but
they are not used any more. Why then, it may
be asked, has this picturesque inspiring style of
game been abandoned for the cumbersome,
slow, stupid, blind thing that goes by the
name of football at present? The answer is
simple—because the heavy game wins.

“Most of the serious injuries have been sus-
tained by players insufficiently trained to stand
hard knocks, or by mere boys. Occasionally
one reads a despatch relating how ‘John Smith,
halfback of the Oskosh Y. M. C. A. football
team, received injuries in a football game to-
day, from which he died in a few hours.’ The
chances are about fifty to one that John Smith
was a hard-working clerk who spent fifty-one
weeks of each year in an office, which gave
him muscles like a jelly-fish and who, in this
condition, came out to play the severest game.
This shows mere lack of judgment, and it is
likely that Smith would have met his fate else-
where if not in football.

“Many football players have too much at-
tention. For weeks before the grand struggle
of the season he is a marked man on the cam-
pus; he sits at a special training table, and
the college turns out daily to see him practice.
At one of our large universities in the season
just ended, the undergraduates were cautioned
the week before the big game that ended the
year, not to whistle or sing on the campus at
night, for fear they might disturb the precious
sleep of the giants who were to represent them
on the gridiron in a few days. This, I suppose,
is the way Charley will be treated when he
plays halfback on the Williams team next
year. During the football season, the most im-
portant teams are followed with as much in-
terest as the war in the far East.

“T would like to have spoken on this year’s
football team, but I am afraid it would hit
rather hard. But I have said enough and more
THE ARGO.

36
than enough. I wish you all's M
mas and a Happy New Year.
—_—_—_———_——_-
AN ADVENTURE IN TEXAS.

A True Story.
early sixties. I had spent all
uit, on being

erry Christ-

It was in the
the years of my life in the North, b
married, had moved to Texas.

The ways of the country seemed very strange
to me. The people were very hospitable and
openhearted. Everyone seemed to be on equal
terms. :

A family with whom we lived for a time,
before we had built our own home, kept a
large bell to ring whenever they saw a strang-
er passing, in order to attract his attention.
Then they would send their servants to meet,
him, and invite him to come in, and make him-
self at home, and stay as long as he possibly
could. Perhaps he might stay for several days.

Sometimes a whole family would come
along and be cordially welcomed and entertain-
ed as guests.

Our next door neighbor, if he might be
called such, for his ranch was five miles dis-
tant, offered us all the beef we wanted to use
until we could get our own cattle, and when
we proposed paying for it, was highly indig-
nant. At last he reluctantly consented to our
recompensing him when we should purchase a
drove of cattle.

At the time of which I am about to write,
we had become firmly established in a com-
fortable home of our own, with quite a herd
of cattle on the surrounding plains. It was a
lonely spot—as I said before, the nearest habi-
tation was five miles distant—as far away as
the eye could reach stretched the undulating,
ceaseless expanse of prairie. But we were
getting usd to the seclusion, and, in fact, be-
ing newly married, rather liked it.

It was a midsummer night, sultry and suf-
focating. Scarcely a breath of air was stirring.
I was alone on the ranch, my husband having
gone on a matter of important business, to the
nearest village twenty miles distant.

There had been rumors of trouble amongst

the Indians, but they were all at a digt
and not much attention had been paid 4
reports. So it was considered safe for
remain alone.

I settled myself in an armchair with a book
to while away the lonely hours of the night
until my husband should return, as he expected
to do about mid-night.

The book—Nick of the Woods—was ie
well calculated to work one up toa high Pitch
of excitement. As I read of the hero’s darin
deeds and hair-breadth escapes, my a
came into my throat, and my hair nearly stooq
on end. A slight noise outside attracteg my
attention, but I did not think much of it, ang
kept on reading. Just as a settlement was
being attacked by the Indians, and a family
massacred, a terrifying blood-curdling whoop
fell upon my ears, coming from some place a
short distance away. My book fell from my
nerveless grasp, and I listened expecting yet
dreading to hear the sound again. Again arose
on the still night air that weird and terrifying
cry. I blew out the light, and was surrounded
by total darkness. Groping my way to the
door, I barred it, and crouched in a corer,
trembling.

There was the sound of hurrying feet
around the house and then someone jumped
on the steps of the porch, and proceeded—or
so it seemed to me—to lay waste everything
within reach, all the while keeping up his in-
fernal whooping. I heard something heavy
fall, and then the man dragged it down the
steps of the veranda and on around the house.

He banged on the door and knocked on the
windows, but, cuddled in the corner, I paid no
attention. Finally, with a last, parting rasping
yell, he went away, and I fainted.

ance,
0 the
Me to

* * * * * * Pa *

When my husband came home an hour later
he found me just regaining consciousness, but
in a state of nervous collapse. When he asked
me what had happened I managed to relate the
terrible events of the evening. He listened in
surprised wonder. Then he went out and found
that some harness which was always hung on
THE ARGO.

orch, had been taken down and

| on the p
eer tal the house, but that nothing
et receive d serious damage. I had expected
a

Jess than that I should meet such a
fate as the unfortunates in the book.
the next morning a neighbor and close
send of ours called upon us. When we told
a of the night’s happenings a curious ex-
Saleh came over his face. When my hus-
taal asked him who he thought it could have
been, our friend seemed very much embarras-
sed, hemmed and hawed, but then confessed
{hat it was he, himself. He had been on his
way to call upon us, and seeing me alone in
the house, resolved to give me a scare. He
certainly had done so. He declared again and
again that he had meant no harm, but simply
thought it would be a good joke, having no
idea that such serious trouble would result. He
begged forgiveness, which my husband rather
reluctantly granted, for 1 was overcome by my
experience, and for many weeks afterwards
was seriously sick.

I lived a long time in Texas, and passed
through many exciting adventures, of which
I may speak at some other time, but never
again did I experience such a shock as I did
that night. FINNEY.

nothing

 

FOOTBALL STATISTICS.

Corbin, (capt.), ’05, height, 5 feet, 10 1-2
inches; weight, 165 pounds; age, 17 years;
position, left half-back; residence, Oxford,
N.Y.

Van Winkle, ’o5 ; height, 6 feet; weight, 180
pounds; age, 18 years; position, full-back ; re-
sidence, Rutherford, N. J.

W. C. Nicholas, ’06; height, 5 feet 8 inches ;
weight, 145 pounds; age, 19 years; position,
right half-back; residence, New Brunswick,
N. J.

S. Nicholas, ’06; height, 5 feet, 7 inches;
weight, 140 pounds; age, 16 years; position,
quarter-back; residence, New Brunswick, N.
J:
Matzke, ’o5; height, 5 feet, 7 inches;
weight, 140 pounds; age, 19 years; position,
right end; residence, New Brunswick, N. J.

37
ee :

oe ne oo oars inches; weight,
.? 28% 17 years; position, right

tackle; residence, New York City,
weigh 178 pants ae af arp
i , » age, 17 years; position
right guard; residence, South River, N. J.

J. Voorhees, 06; height, 5 feet, 6 inches ;
weight, 158 pounds; age, 16 years; position,
centre; residence, New Brunswick, N. J.

Allen, ’o5 ; height, 5 feet, 10 inches; weight,
160 pounds; age, 18 years; position, left
guard ; residence, Metuchen, N. ys

Case, ’06; height, 6 feet; weight, 185 pounds,
age, 18 years; position, left tackle; residence,
Ballston Spa, N. Y.

Andreae, ’05; height, 5 feet, 9 inches:
weight, 150 pounds; age, 17 years; position,
left end; residence, Jersey City, N. J.

Nelson, ‘06; height, 5 feet, 8 inches;
weight, 140 pounds; age, 17 years; position,
sub-guard; residence, New Brunswick, N. J.

Elberson, ’06; height, 6 feet; weight, 140
pounds; age, 17 years; position, sub-guard;
residence, New Brunswick, N. J.

J. Scott, ’05; height, 5 feet, 5 inches;
weight, 125 pounds; age, 15 years; position,
sub-quarter-back ; residence, New Brunswick,
Nu J.

Cooke, ’o5; height, 5 feet, 9 inches; weight,
135 pounds; age, 17 years; position, sub-end;
residence, New Brunswick, N. J.

Through lack of space these statistics were
not published in last month’s Argo.

The football team held a meeting in Prof.
Mills’ room to elect a captain for next year’s
team. J. Voorhees and S. Nicholas were nom-
inated, and J. Voorhees was elected, the votes
standing six to four.

j

 

 

Annex §
A MERRY CHRISTMAS.

One morning Jack Woodbridge woke up
early. What did he see in his room but a
Christmas tree, with some candy and toys on
it. How it got there and how his stockings
were packed up to the brim with things Jack
could not tell, for he had forgotten all about
THE ARGO.

38
d even forgotten to hang

: ha
Christmas. He Some one had hung them

up his stockings.

, for there they were.
eek dressed himself and began eating a

candy cane, while he opened a box of soldiers

on horses, with a cannon and some tents.
Just then he heard his door open softly and

in came his father and mother. Both said,

"Merry Christmas, Jack.” After Jack had
wished them a Merry Christmas, he said,
is in my stockings. He

“Now let us see what
a nd pulled them down so

o his stockings a
ee that a big rubber ball fell out and
rolled away, and a candy cane fell on the floor.
Even this did not stop Jack. He ran to his
father and sat on his knee. Jack’s hand went

into the stocking and brought out a small box.

He took off the paper, removed the box lid and
found a gold watch with his initials on the
back of it. Next le found a box of candy, a
bank, an iron train and what do you think
next? the toe of his stocking.
This was a Merry Christmas for Jack.
FrepERIC VOORHEES.

agatha
A HAPPY CHRISTMAS.

Billy wanted a pair of rabbits for Christmas
He was afraid he couldn’t have them because
his mother was only a poor wash woman on a
Southern estate. Christmas eve came and Bil-
ly went to bed very early. Christmas morn-
ing he was up at daylight long before the other
children calling, “Happy Christmas.” He went
to the big house and with his noise soon wak-
ened every one, After breakfast the white
children invited him with the other servants
into the parlor where he received many pres-
ents. Best of all his pair of rabbits.

THEopoRE VOORHEES.

THE FIRST CHRISTMAS.

Long ago, in a country far from here, the
shepherds used to watch their sheep at night.
One night as some shepherds were watching
their sheep an angel came to them and said,
“Glory to God in the highest, Peace and good-
will to men.” Then the shepherds saw a star

which seemed to say, ‘Follow me.”

left their sheep asleep on the hillside
their crooks and followed the star ti
ped over a stable in Bethlehem, T
into the stable and found the Christ.
a manger. Wise men came and br
gifts from their countries. Ever sin
have given gifts on Christmas,

Grorce Bazgypp

© they
and took
Lit Stop-
hey went
~chiled in
ought him
ce then we

 

CHRISTMAS MORNING.

It was the day before Christmas, Th
snow lay deep upon the ground. A little a
stood looking out of a window aie
what Santa Claus would bring her. The je
ness came and after eating her simple sy :
the child went to bed. ve

She wakened early Christmas morning and
went to her stockings behind the stove, Sh
could not believe it possible. They were aes
She turned slowly away and walked to Aes
window. As she stood there she saw the at
bor’s children come out of the houses and show
their toys and gifts to one another. She turn-
ed sadly from the window and asked her
mother why Santa Claus came to other child-
ren and not to her, when she had not yet been
naughty. :

The child did not know that her parents
were too poor to have Santa visit her,

Joun Rowtanp.

SLIPS AND CLIPS.
A Sad Case.

“T'll tell you how it is,” said the wild-eyed
patient to the asylum physician. “I met a
young widow with a grown-up step-daughter,
and I married that widow.

“Then my father met our step-daughter and
married her. That made my wife the mother-
in-law of her father-in-law, and made my step-
daughter my step-mother, and my father be-
came my step-son. See?

“Then my step-mother, the step-daughter of
my wife, had a son. That boy was, of course,
my brother, because, he was my father’s son;
but he was also the son of my wife’s step-
THE ARGO,

and, therefore, her grandson. That
ndfather of my  step-brother,
rife had a son.
en her in-laW, the step-sister of my
) % also his grandmother, because he is her
ae tS child. My father is the brother-in-
step ae child, because his step-sister is his
a [ am the brother of my own son, who is
iio the child of my step-grandmother
“] am my mother’s brother-in-law, my wife
yn child’s aunt, my son is my father’s

is her OV
nephew, and I am my own grandfather—and

I can't stand it.”

 

The following are a few rather original
translations of Virgil’s Aeneid:

“Qecultum inspires ignem fallasque vene-
no’—You breathe sacred fire and sweet veni-

»

son.
“They light up their countenances with their

tongues.”
“She speaks to her inane Sister Ann.”
“Mene fugis?”—Will you fly with me.”
“He oppresses his flowing neck (hair).”
“The true woma nis worth more than a high

priest.”

 

At the time of King Edward’s recovery
from appendicitis, thanksgiving services were
held all over the British dominions. The ser-
vices were concluded at a certain place by the
singing of a well known hymn which happened
to be in the back of the book.

“Let us close the services,” the rector said,
“by singing the hymn, ‘Peace, perfect peace,’
—in the appendix.”

 

Prof. St. (Algebra Class.) “P—y, this
class is a solemn place, and not a place for
merriment and hilarity. I would like you to
be happy, but we must dispense with that guf-
faw of yours. You may come to the Trap this
afternoon if you care to have a good laugh.”

P—y, “I wasn’t laughing that time; I was
only smiling.”

Prof. S—t. “Oh! Well it was a very audible
smile. Please don’t smile so audibly.”

In response to earnest solicitations from her

39

 

 

 

 

 

January 20 Per Cent.
Reduction Sale

This is the season of the year when we aim,
not to make profit, but to move stock. For this
week we offer all our Men’s Winter Suits,
Overcoats and Separate trousers, at a reduc-
tion of 20 per cent. from original prices.

It’s not the price, but what the price obtains
that makes VALUE. Cuts in price but not in
quality here.

The success of our each and every sale is
due entirely to values.

When we say 20 per cent. off we mean a
$25 overcoat for $20. A $10 suit for $8.

’ ’
THE ARGO.

Iv
husband to be kind to a military officer to
whom he had taken a fancy, a Western woman
sent out an invitation and received an accept-
ance. She despatched a note, in which she
said: “Mrs. Brown requests the pleasure of
Captain White’s company at supper on Wed-
nesday evening.” She received a prompt and
joyful reply, which read: “With the excep-
tion of the men who have other engagements,
Captain White’s company will come with plea-
sure.”

 

EXCHANGES.

Several new exchanges have been received
this month. We are glad to welcome them, and
hope that still more will come.

The December Lealonian contains a very in-
teresting and well written college story entitled
“Spaulding’s Christmas Surprise.”

We disagree with the exchange editor of the
Red and Blue who proposes the abolishment
of all “personal witticisms” from our school
papers on the ground that they are not inter-
esting to outsiders or the alumni, The paper
is first for the school in which it is published
and then for outsiders. The school jokes are
interesting to the scholars of that school and
if outsiders cannot stand them there is some
other matter to be read in the paper.

There is a pretty good poem in the Mohe-
ganite entitled, “What the Side Lines Saw,”
but its feet seem to sometimes get a little
twisted.

In the cut which heads the editorial column
of the Polymnian, a young person, who we
suppose represents the editor, is working at
his desk on a large manuscript, and at the same
time sending forth such volumes of smoke
from a pipe, that we should think his brain
would not be in very good working order.

We recommend the removal of the pipe from
the aforesaid gentleman’s mouth. Tobacco is
not looked upon as a stimulant to the mental
powers, but rather as the opposite. The ex-
change column of this paper is exceptionally
good,

The Columbia News has a very attractive
cover for the December number.

WALL'S
SUITS

Are the staridard for style and quality and his
establishment is the largest of its kind in Cen-

tral New Jersey.

Uniforms a specialty. : ;

John P Wall,
115 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Long Distance Wire.

 

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Klective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
ears requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
ety ee

(mn the completion of the full four years’ require: ts

in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State College for the benefi -
ture and tne are janie Are. . ; aaah dee
n s Department there are six full cow! each

leading to the first degree in science, B. Sc. aie

1, A Course in Agriculture.

2. A Course in Civil Engineering and Mcchanics,

8. A Course in Chemistry.

4, A Course in Electricity.

5. A Course in Biology.

6. A Course in (lay Working and Ceramics.

Anda short course of two years in Ceramics which does
Bat lead to a dagses. doth IRVING

‘or catalogues ani er inf tion, address
=<
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.
THE ARGO,

gISSET'S DRUG store

You will find us at 420 George street after November 1st
SS

We can supply you when in need of

dicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs,
Soda and MiJk Shakes,

CHAS. T A MM, BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER

376 George street.
lete stock of College and| Sporting Goods and Home Pastimes of every

1 Supplies, as well as for Home, Society | description always in stock and to order at
re ise ae shortest notice.
and Boxing Gloves, Punching Bags, Jerseys and Sweaters, Dumbells and

progs, Me Brushes

Carries 2 COMP

 

 

Swingi
Footballs, Clubs. McF'adden’s Exercisers, si
ae LOUIS LEITHEISER,

SEIFFERT BROS., | Barber and Hair Dresser

 

j Books, Photo and
For Be a oonine Goods. 117 Albany St.,
50 DENNIS STREET. New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

AS se
LAG se Ng
‘ ‘ eh
A

  

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.

 

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J
FOUNDED 1766.

teeeeeveeee
ee ee

LN Se TRUC TORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. -M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.

MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, _ French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, Instructors

For particulars addross

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

Nrw Brunswick, N. J.

 
