 

Oia
LZ

 
  

SSS ae
a

  
     

Y (Viiddiddddduludddddddugu Lda) 5

ee

S

RB

 

 

   

SSS

 

          
    

    

    
        

vA

°

~
AN

 

 

WO AGNES

« RUTGERS * PRERARATORY « SCHOOL

N

     

 
Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific Sctoo

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY,

 

 

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of
and the Mechanic Arts.

In this Department there are eight full ¢

5 é courres,

leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc. gach

1. A Course in Agriculture.

2. A Course in Civil Engineering.
- A Course in Chemistry.
- A Course in Electricity.
% - A Course in Biology.
In this Department, on the completion of the full four - A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics,

, irements i ing Greek, the candidate receives - A Course in Mechanical Engineering.

years sequiremcote including G 8. A Course in General Science.
the degree of A.B. | And a short course of tw

3 : Agricultu
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, re

|
|
unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,

Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

Autw st

 

iad i © years in Ceramics which does
, ‘ a i not lead to a degree.
On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in 9B ECBICE

ar . For catalogues and other i
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for

nformation, address IRVING §
UPSOS ees and ot ee address IRVING §,
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B-.Litt. W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D.,

J. HEIDINGSFELD,

No. 42 Albany Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

B. U. TAPKEN, JEWELER—=

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.
111-3 CHURCH ST. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS and JACKETS fad'es,wisses stock ot DRESS GOODS and SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings.

P. J. Youna Dry Goons Go. senna

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 

President.

 

<4

 
THE ARGO 41

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,|P 7] SUYDAM, GROCER
384 George St. Sc ae

’Phone 877. fee Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

 

Established 76 years.

——STEWART & CLAYTON——
Young’s and Truly Warner Hats

Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

 

   

Young Ren

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.
Basket-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

 

 

QO. O. STILLMAN,
Jeweler and Optician.

DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. ox
SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER. Studio:

CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS. . .
138 ALBANY STREET. 355 George Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

I. 8S. VAN DERVEER,

Photographer,

 

 

 

S. ZIMMERMAN, E. VOLKERT,
Barber. Merehant « Tailor,
Also Birds and Fishes. 359 GEORGE STREET,
881 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tue Arco,

 
THE ARGO

42

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOKSTORE

 

Ww. BR. REED,

School, Office and Gener:

380 GEORGE STREET,

al Stationery Supplies of Every Description.

NEW BRUNSWICK, w. J.

 

 

WILLIAM GAUB,

DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF

Meats» Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

AND

 

 

 

To buy Clothing you must have confidence

in the firm you buy from. ‘Try here.

W. K, CRATER,

96 Church Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

RANDOLPH |
Foto-grater.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.
*Phone 229-w.

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.

College Snaps.
We Make a Special Little Picture.

CALL AND SEE US.

 

Rensselaer %,
dp olytechnic&,
He ap Institute,

"ne Troy, N.Y.

Local examinations provided for. oY a acatslogue.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.
 

 

THE

 

 

VoL. XX.

 

ARGO.

New Brunswick, N, J., JANUARY, 1909. No. 4.

 

 

 

 

 

A NEW YEAR'S RESOLVE.

Dick Lenard settled himself comfortably in
a deep Morris chair and thoughtfully lit a
cigarette. It was New Year’s Eve. From the
street, far below, he heard faintly the din of
those who ushered in the Metropolitan New
Year with all possible noise.

But he was not thinking of them, nor of the
good time he was missing at the club as he
watched the blue smoke curl gracefully to-
wards the ceiling.

He was pondering thoughtfully over an in-
cident in which he had figured that very day.
Not that incidents were unusual in his twenty-
two years. But this one was.

That very morning he had promptly knocked
down without ceremony, a guest of the club—
a Frenchman of no mean note—before the
very eyes of the terrified members.

The why or wherefore, gentle reader, nee«
not enter this story. Only the fact that the
enraged Frenchman had managed to mutter,
when picked up by his apologizing hosts, some-
thing about a challenge.

As Dick gazed into the glowing asbestos of
the heater, he tried to believe he was at peace
with all the world. But it was of no use.

“Dog-gone that Frenchman,” he ventured at
length to his imported bull-pup, who was try-
ing his best, at that moment, to look like a

grown-up dog. He could not make friends
with the tiger skin, stretched in front of the
fire, especially the. stary glass eyes and the
ever-open mouth, grinning at him. He was
sure he would venture nearer if the mouth
would only close, perhaps even make friends.

Thus addressed, he tried, like an obedient
dog, to look at his master. But the strange
creature on the floor took a large share of at-
tention.

Lenard snapped his fingers and whistled
softly. The dog shuffled reluctantly to him,
casting many terrified looks back of him.

“Well, Biff, how do you like the hotel? Not
as nice as the rooms at the club. But it’ll have
to do for the present, at least, till that crazy
Frenchman goes back to his gay Paris. They
say he sails to-morrow. I hope he don’t find
us. He might politely invite me to die by one
of his blamed duelling methods, which are be-
coming noted.”

Biff seemed to agree. He was wondering
why the pretty logs in the heater burned so
evenly, *

“Well, I suppose I did clap on a pretty
tough climax when I threw him that East-side
love-tap. But who says he didn’t deserve it?”
Lenard asked, as he tossed his cigarette into
the fire, while Biff looked towards the tiger.

After another cigarette was drawing nicely,
Lenard continued: “I'll put the gloves on
with him—for an appetite—but when he talks
of a real duel as a fair settlement to the insult,
why you and I hunt other apartments. Hey?”

In answer the bull-pup started boldly for
the tiger skin. His walk was anything but
dignified, being a sort of side step.

A small clock on the mantel tinkled eleven.
At the first bell Biff lost more ground than he
he had covered. He stopped at the opposite
wall. When the last echoes had died away,

,
THE ARGO

44

s near the wall as pos-

the bull-pup laid down a fia

sible. He rolled his eyes now and then in t
direction of the tiger skin. :

“Come in,” said Lenard to a businesslike
knock. The door opened and closed with 2
decided bang.

In the dim light of the fire he could not
make out the visitor. He arose and pressed
a button. What he saw in the flood of light
that followed made him shiver. The very
person of his fears, the Frenchman, stood
smiling at him.

“Bon soir, Monsieur Lenard,” he said, as he
drew up a chair and removed his gloves. “I
see you did not expect me.”

Dick was completely at a loss what to do.
He could see that the Frenchman meant busi-
ness—of what nature he dared not guess.

“T am honored to have company so rare,” he
managed to say, “with which to sit out the
old year.”

The Frenchman looked surprised.

“Don’t say you can’t stay! See, it is only
eleven,” ventured Lenard. “Let me ring for a
little refreshment.”

The Frenchman drew forth a .32 caliber
and requested that he sit still. If there was
any ringing to be done, he would: do it. He
was of the opinion that only one of them
would sit out the passing year—alive.

Dick Lenard sat in his Morris chair, stiff
with fright. A minute ago he was wondering
how he ever managed to tint the Frenchman’s
eye such a beautiful black—but now his mind
was running in far different channels.

“Have you a box of cigarettes, Monsieur?”
asked the Frenchman, who still held the re-
volver.

Lenard drew forth his silver case, and
opened it. It was nearly full.

“Ah! that is good,” said the Frenchman. “He
produced a small bottle. “Of course I have a

box of my own; but I think you will agree
that it is best that we should smoke a brand
other than mine.”

 

Was the Frenchman crazy, or was this
of his freakish duels, about which he fai
heard so much? Lenard hoped not. :

At length the Frenchman explained, He
was going to settle an insult in a way which ie
thought fair to both. The bottle contained
deadly poison. It would kill quite painlessly
in a few seconds. It was odorless and taste.
less.

He coolly dipped both ends of a cigarette in
the liquid, and let it dry. It could not be de.
tected from the others. Then he told Lenarg
to dump the cigarettes into an empty candy
box which was on the table. He did as he was
bidden.

“Now shake them up,” ordered the French-
man.

Lenard’s hands trembled so that he dropped
a few, and had to pick them up.

“Come, my friend, let us smoke. I feel that
your cigarettes will be excellent,” smiled the
Frenchman.

Both drew and lighted.
went out.

“Let us take another,” said the Frenchman.
“The first few draws on the poisoned one will
decide.” So they lit fresh ones.

They smoked on in silence. Great drops of
perspiration gathered on Lenard’s forehead.

Finally the Frenchman said:

“These are the last two in the box. Will
you help yourself or shall we toss for choice?”

He threw the coin and chose.

The bull-pup shook himself and disappeared
under the table.

The Frenchman look puzzled. “Box empty.
and none of the cigarettes poisoned!” he
said.

Lenard’s cigarette

   
    
  

Lenard did not answer. He was watching
the bull-pup, who was sniffing under the table
He reached down and picked up two cigat
ettes. One was crushed. é

The bull-pup dragged himself to the tige
skin and keeled over—dead.

“Let us forget the insult, Monsieur Ler
 

 

THE

ard,” said the Frenchman, as he extended his
hand and rose to go. They shook hands.

“Poor Biff,” said Lenard, when the door
had closed behind the Frenchman,

He crossed over to the window and looked
out. A terrible din arose from the street far
beneath him.

“No more cigarettes for me,” he said, as the
tiny clock announced the new year.

—R. Teepe.

THE TRAP BANQUET.

On Thursday, December seventeenth, the
annual Xmas banquet was held at the Trap,
about forty people taking part. All were hon-
ored by the presence of Dr. and Miss Demar-
est and Dr. and Mrs. E. R. Payson. At each
plate was a little Xmas tree, a red sled filled
with peanuts, and a bell with the name of the
placeholder gilded on it. During the feast the
boys sang a number of songs, including a
medley composed by Mrs. Payson.

Toasts were called when coffee was served,
Mr. Scudder acting as toastmaster. He intro-
duced his speech by an anecdote of Mr. Joseph
Chamberlain, which was as follows:

“Ata feast which Mr. Chamberlain was at-
tending the toastmaster leaned over and said,
‘Shall we have you give your speech now or
let them enjoy themselves a little longer?’ ”’

Mr. Scudder. likened himself to Moses, say-
ing that as the prophet struck water from the
rock so would he strike flowing eloquence
from those present. He remarked that the
men would do the talking while the women
listened. Many people claimed women talked
too much, but he did not agree with the man
in the following anecdote :

“[ hear you haven't spoken to your wife for
a year,” said Mr. Jones to his friend.

“No, I haven't,” replied his friend.

“And why not?” questioned the other.

“Because I did not wish to interrupt her.”

Then, as all were honored by the presence
of such worthy guests, he thought that there

ARGO 45

could be no more fitting first sentiment than
“Our Guests.”

Mr. Lewis responded, telling how guests
were treated at the castles when there were no
inns or hotels, how in this way lifelong friend-
ships were formed, and that guests should al-
ways be hospitably treated.

A song, composed for the occasion, was
then sung in honor of Mr. Lewis, and later
other verses were sung after each professor
had spoken.

Mr. Scudder then said that, after our
guests, “The Ladies” should be honored, and
he called on Blanchard to respond.

Blanchard told how dear was the mother,
the sister and the sweetheart to all and how
they helped mankind to accomplish the better
things in life. Low and Pingry were named
as references in this matter,

Next Dr. Demarest was asked to speak. He
said he had been a schoolmate of Mr. Scudder
thirty-five years ago, and that ten years later
he had taught in the Rutgers College Gram-
mar School, as it was then known. He ex-
tended a hearty welcome to Mr. Scudder and
wished him all possible success.

Dr. Payson was then called upon. He
quoted Shakespeare, saying, “All the world’s
a stage, and all the men and women merely
players; they have their exits and entrances,
and one man in his time plays many parts.”
Dr. Payson said he had played many parts,
especially when he was head-master of the
Prep. Among other things he had eaten
about four thousand breakfasts, being late to
only two. He closed his speech by welcoming
Mr. Scudder. .

As Christmas was near, “Christmas Leg-
ends” was the next toast, Giles Low respond-
ing. He told how the fir became the Christ-
mas tree by several legends; the Scandina-
vian, the French, and several German ones.

Harkett Vernon then recited a selection on
Santa Claus and his doings, which was fol-
lowed by “Christmas in Mexico.”

 
46

De la Torre told about his Christmas, which
started nine days before ours and ended on the
twenty-fifth. On Christmas night all gathered
around an altar, where they went through a
short service. Then the merry-making came
when they danced and exchanged gifts.

Willard was called upon to respond to “The
Sidewalks of Our Town.” He divided this
topic into three parts, namely, the material of
the sidewalks, their location, and the people.
Under the first part he named brick as the best
material. The people, especially those from
the factory, seem sorry for the sidewalks, so
they make a short cut through the Trap field,
thus relieving the walks of much weight.

While our town was being spoken of Mr.
Scudder asked Mr. Cook to respond to the
toast “Rutgers College.”

In this response we learned more of Mr.
Smith than of Rutgers. Mr. Cook claims that
some one saw Mr. Smith working in the col-
lege laboratory and asked him if he was mak-
ing up back work.

Then Folensbee told us about the “Small
Boys of the Trap” and their actions.

We were next honored by a recital from
John Cornish (Mr. Scudder claims Mr. Fisher
wrote it) on “The Violin,” in which we
learned of his musical aspirations.

Mr. Scudder then announced that a school
camp had been organized to which the boys
would be invited, and asked Mr. Fisher to re-
spond to the toast “Camping.” :

Mr. Fisher told of the pleasures of camping,
such as sleeping on a stormy night on the wet
ground under a soaked tent wrapped in damp
blankets, and waking up next morning to find
one’s bread and beans soaked through. What
joy!

Wells gave a lecture on the “Bible School,”
explaining the new way of teaching it, men-
tioning the boys especially interested and the
work done.

Ritter had a bad cold, but responded to the
“Empire State’ in the following manner :—

THE ARGO ;

“The Empire State surpasses all other states
in everything except education. New Jersey
stirpasses her in this, she being the home 35
Rutgers Prep.”

Mr. Smith responded to “Science.” He said
he had not much to say, as he wished to keep
most of his energy for Mr. Cook.

Mr. Amos gave an interesting speech (for
speech it was) on Oklahoma and the Indians,
His vivid description of the sad state of the
Indians, even those who had graduated with
honor from our best colleges, was enough to
excite pity in the hardest hearted person.

Next was heard an important treatise on
“Breakfast a Menace to Health.” F. H. Low
gave as very sad examples, Turner, Pingry
and Ziegler, who were addicted to this habit.
He also named Mr. Lewis, who has gone to
bed at two in the morning and then gotten up
early merely to eat breakfast.

Turner gave a list of the “Hobbies” of his
Trap-mates: Ritter and his aeroplanes, Low
with his molecular theory, Ziegler with his
awful banjo, Pingry and his sweethearts, and
Mr. Scudder who is interested in playgrounds,
naming several boys as needing such places for
their health.

Ziegler first got even with F. H. Low, citing
Dr. Payson as an example of one who had
eaten four thousand breakfasts at the Trap
and was still living. Wonder. of wonders!
He then proceeded with “Foot-ball,” naming
the players and telling about our season, and
wishing next year’s team all possible luck.

Mr. Relyea, who was to respond to “Basket-
ball,” was absent, but Pfennigsweith gave an
oration on our national game “Base-ball.”

Beekman enlightened us on the possibilities
of “Cross-country Running.”

Pingry first got even with F. H. Low by
saying that after everyone else had had break-
fast Low could be found by himself in the
worst of tempers, and then proceeded with his
toast, “The Old and New Year.” We should
look back only on the many pleasures of the
THE

old year and not on the trials, because they
were so small.when compared with the trials
still to come in later practical life.

Smith responded to “The Argo,” telling the
whys and wherefores of our school paper.

Then came a very interesting lecture from
Dinwiddie on the “Philippines,” where he
lived for several years.

Clark told about “Africa,” or rather the
most gruesome tales of cannibals he could
think of.

The evening concluded with a talk by his
father, who has spent most of his life in Africa
civilizing savages.

On the last schoolday of the year, December
eighteenth, we were greeted by a pleasant sur-
prise. Mr. Clark, Mr. Scudder’s brother-in-
law, gave a most interesting talk on his mis-
sionary work in Africa. He told of the sav-
ages in the very heart of Africa, of their cus-
toms and their languages, and what a lot of
trouble the missionaries had teaching them.
These missionaries taught the Gospel to the
people and wrote the Bible in their languages,
besides teaching them to read, write and make
themselves useful. Mr. Clark’s talk put the
work of the missionaries in a different light,
in a very interesting light, in a light that made
us all see the good done and the surprising re-
sults of the work.

Teacher (in Sunday School): “Give a text
from the Bible, Johnny.”

Johnny: “And Judas went and hanged him-
self.”

Teacher: ‘That is hardly a good one; give
another.”

Johnny: “Go thou and do likewise.”—E-x.

Hurrah for the hen! Her son will never

set—Ex,

“Then you don’t have any dog-watch on
this craft?” inquired the anxious passenger.
“No. This is a cat boat.”—E.v.

ARGO 4?

THE SONG OF THE FRESHMAN.

Oh! why did I ever leave mother,
And go away from home,

To be pestered by the seniors?
Oh! why can’t they let me alone?

I wanted to come here to study,
And IT wanted to study hard, too.
[ refused to stop for a senior,
And he made my back black and blue.

When I hear the loud voice of a senior
For a hiding place then I go look,

‘Cause I hate the D— words of a senior,
Saying, Freshman,come carry my book!

I asked a favor of a sophomore.
He said, You didn’t say please!
And before I could request him over
He made me clog dance on my knees.
—G. Low.

 

OPPORTUNITY.

Master of human destinies I!

Fame, love, and fortune on my footsteps wait.
Cities and fields I walk ; I penetrate

Deserts and seas remote, and passing by
Hovel and mart and palace—soon or late

I knock unbidden once at every gate!

If sleeping, wake—if feasting, rise before
I turn away. It is the hour of fate,
And they who follow me reach every state
Mortals desire, and conquer every foe
Save death; but those who doubt or hesitate,
Condemned to failure, penury and woe,
Seek me in vain and uselessly implore.
I answer not, and I return no more!
(U.S. Senator) Joun T. Incatts.

He: “I saw you out riding with a gentle-
man yesterday. He appeared to have only one
arm. Is that all he has?”

She: “Oh, no; the other was around some-
where.”—Ex.
THE

48

 

 

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly During the School Year,

BY THE

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

 

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as

Second Class Matter.

 

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

H. F. Smiru, ’og9, Editor-in-Chief.
Cc. V. S. Knox, ’o9, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
A. A. Prentiss, ’09, Alumni Notes.
J. H. Jounson, ’o9,

J. R. REEVEs, ’09, 3 :
R. W. IREDELL, ’09, Literary Editors.

J. E. EtmMennorr, ’10, L
R. W. Turner, ’09,
M. Ross, ’o9,
F. H. Low, ’o9,
R. W. Searze, ’10, Exchanges,
J. N. Smirg, Annex.

R. B. SEARLE, ’09,
R. T.,.B. Yond; “10,

News.

{ Business Managers,

 

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-

panied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most

cordially invited to contribute.

ARGO

Arco.—Many of our subscribers told ys
that the December issue was the best ever got.
ten out by this paper. We have tried to make
this issue still better, and with the help of the
student body trust that we shall improve stij]
more with every issue. We pride ourselves
on our editorial department, and aim to haye
in it editorials which reflect the school life and
cater to the current needs of the school. We

“are still weak in our literary department, and

the need of good stories and more of them
can only be supplied by the students them-
selves. Do not leave everything to the edi-
torial board. We have tried to collect good
jokes and personals which are interesting to
all, and think we have succeeded. Our ex-
change department is being improved month-
ly. We have been criticised for rapping other
papers too harshly. We would be only too
delighted if these papers would make some
defense which would show that our criticisms
are not based on fact. In fact we would
greatly relish a good debate with some other
paper, and we think it would add to the in-
terest of both papers. We do not think that
our athletic department can be greatly im-
proved. We only know that we are doing our
best, and for this reason we expect the school
to stand by us.
—o—

Socrtat Lire.—Does a school exist to give
instruction in Latin only, Mathematics and
History? Probably in many cases it does.
And this may be right. But, surely, no school
is a true school that does not train in things
which the textbook does not mention. Prob-
ably if you were to ask what they remember
of the things they actually learned from books
™m college, nine out of every ten men would
tell you they remembered very little. Does
this mean, then, that it is foolish for us to
study so seriously and so hard these things
of books which seem to be forgotten so easily?
Not at all. This work makes it possible for
us to go a step higher, and when we have the
FHE

power to go on why should we. look back?
This power to advance is essential and the toil
and labor which gave it to us is indeed im-
portant. ;

But the man whose intellectual attainment
is of the highest, may, if he himself is not
right, be a most dangerous person. He may
be brilliant, but selfish. He may be quick to
grasp the situation, but quicker in deceiving
you into a bad bargain. He may be able to
plan a great corporation, but unscrupulous in
dealing with those who stand in his way. The
schools must give us men as well as intellec-
tual machines.

This training in manhood must come not
from contact with the textbook but from con-
tact with our fellows. The social spirit of a
school, then, must meet his need, and it
would seem that the school that develops the
most helpful social life is the strong school.
We hear much about school spirit—that we
get from the hard work and hard play in
which the school is the inspiring center from
which these duties and pleasures radiate.
This is why we want athletics. This is why
we want school musical clubs. This is the
reason that we ought to have school socials.
As a school we need this social contact for the
(development it gives. We all want to help
each other, and we want those who are inter-
ested in us, our parents and our friends, to
help us—possibly we could help them. The
school should be a social center throbbing
with good, healthful activities, throbbing with
life. No worry then about what we may for-
get; the best things we shall not forget, for
never in after life will that spirit which was
fostered in our school days cease to help us
in the work and the play of our manhood.

‘Let us then not forget this. Indeed, let
us do more,—let us make our activities greater
and richer. Tie Arco will welcome sugges-
tions about music, about fraternities, about
school socials, entertainments, dramatics, about
whatever is good for us. Better yet, we shall
Welcome these things themselves. Let us

ARGO -

have them and make them better than they
ever have been,

- 0

Foot-Bart.—In discussing the advisability
of a few days pre-season training for the foot-
ball team at Asbury Park, several things are
to be taken into consideration. There is much
to be said pro and con; but it seems to the
writer that several very good arguments ob-
tain in favor of the proposition.

Naturally, the first objection raised is in
regard to the expense incurred. This seems
to be the chief difficulty to be met. Then,
taking a different point of view, is the benefit
to be derived commensurate with the ex-
pense? Speaking more broadly, will the pre-
season training prove an asset to the team
during the foot-ball season proper or will it
tend to serve merely as a pleasant reunion of
old acquaintances ?

Let us now turn our attention to the matter
in particular. What are the advantages of
the plan? In the first place, I believe that the
team, coming in daily contact with the Rut-
ger’s College team, which practices at As-
bury Park, would profit much in the way of
professional coaching. A coach who is cap-
able of taking charge of a college team, is, it
goes without saying, replete with tricks and
formations with which the ordinary individual
is unfamiliar. Being in close touch with the col-
lege team would give the “prep” boys an ex-
cellent theoretical knowledge of the game
which later could be advantageously turned
to practical account.

Secondly, I believe the plan to be an aid to
scholarship. Foot-ball, of all sports, requires
long, severe practice. Wherein lies a danger.
The enthusiastic aspirant for gridiron honors
is apt to devote too much of his time to foot-
ball to the detriment of his studies. In

many cases, a player necessarily has to
“Jet his work slide’ in order to get
into shape. It is the writer’s belief

that if we could get two weeks’ practice
preliminary to the regular practice, our squad

 
50 THE

would get such a good foundation in foot-ball
that later their studies would not suffer
through too diligent application to the sport.
In a word, why not carry along foot-bal! and
scholarship side by side, so that neither will
be put at a disadvantage. We must have foot-
ball. We must have scholarship. Let them
work in unison.

Thirdly, we must look at the matter in a
different phase. The foot-ball season is very
short, extending barely until Thanksgiving.
It is necessary, for that reason, to play the
opening games almost immediately after
school opens. The players are. naturally soft
and out of shape. It takes two or three weeks,
at least, to get them in shape. In light of
this, would not two weeks early training be
invaluable ?

As I have said above, the chief objection to
the plan is the expense. Expenses must al-
ways be considered seriously. But I am in-
formed that the school stands ready and will-
ing to defray a part of the expense. The in-
dividual will have to stand a part and the
school will do the rest. In view of the gener-
out attitude of the school, I believe that every
student who intends to try for next year’s
foot-ball team should endeavor to lay by, dur-
ing the summer, a few dollars for the purpose
of partly defraying his expenses at Asbury
Park. L. R. Smirn.

a ee

Lincotn.—Before another issue of this
paper comes out, these United States will cele-
brate the one hundredth anniversary of the
birth of a man who perhaps stands above all
others in the history of this country. It is
our intention next month to have printed an
article on Abraham Lincoln, but as our next
issue will come out after his birthday it seems
well that in this issue we should make some
mention of this man who saved his country
in the most terrible crisis that this nation has
ever experienced.

Our country is endeavoring to have this
coming birthday of Lincoln celebrated on a

ARGO

wider and more magnificent scale than any
other man’s birthday has ever been celebrated,
and it is most fitting that they should do so,
Who of us is there who does not look upon
Abraham Lincoln as a man who is an ideal
to be followed by every American boy? It is
proposed to have some great memorial erected
to the memory of Lincoln. A bill has been
prepared calling upon Congress to appropriate
money for building a national highway from
Washington to Gettysburg. It is intended
that this great highway shall be lined from
time to time with great public buildings and
monuments of famous men. Still more com-
mendable in our opinion is the plan, which
many are favoring, of having money appro-
priated toward the endowment of a Lincoln
memorial educational institution, which shall
furnish an education free to those worthy
persons who are unable to secure a college
education because of the expense. It seems
that Lincoln would look with pleasure on
such an institution. All know the difficulties
which he had to encounter, in getting his edu-
cation, and it seems certain that he would
have delight in seeing these difficulties
smoothed for following generations.

In closing we might say that no matter what
the cost, Abraham Lincoln is worthy of the
highest honors that can be paid him. It is
impossible to estimate our debt to him, and
still more impossible to pay it. His life al-
ways has and always will have a wonderful
influence on the life of every American school
boy. .

—o—

ScHooL Music.—It seems to me that while
we are working in different lines we should
not forget our music,

To most of us it seems but a small matter,
but it is a large one, one that should be con-
sidered and acted upon in the right way.

What good are school songs accompanied
by stringed instruments? In the first place it
will train men for the college musical clubs.
Secondly, it will give us music for our enter-

 
THE

tainments, and you will all admit that that is
feature we need. Thirdly, it is always the
music that remains longest in our minds and
it is music that always brings backs memories
of the past.

Have you never heard some one say, when
a piece has been finished, that it reminds him
of such and such a place or such and such a
time? I have an uncle who has been out of
college for over forty years and now it is his
delight to sing over the old songs and see
how many of them he can remember. Think
it over, fellows, and see what we can do about
it. Be Eee

—o—

ENTERTAINMENTS.—The need of money to
carry our team through the basket-ball sea-
son has led to the suggestion that we give a
play, entertainment, food sale, or something
of the sort. Even if every one pays his ath-
letic association dues, which we are sorry to
say many are not in the habit of paying
promptly, there is bound to be a shortage
which has to be paid. During the foot-ball
season this shortage was met by a popular
subscription, but many do not particularly
enjoy this method of raising funds.

There are many reasons in favor of a
money-raising entertainment. Other schools
have tried them and made a success of them.
They lead to good fellowship, and furnish
much enjoyment. In ninety-nine cases out ofa
hundred they are successful and raise the
necessary money, for people always enjoy
hearing amateur talent, and ‘are willing to
pay well for the privilege. This is due to the
fact that all ametaur actors have admiring
friends who are greatly interested in their ef-
forts, Moreover, these entertainments fur-
nish much fun to both the performers and
the listeners.

There is another side to this question.
However, these entertainments mean good
hard work, and they quickly tire one out. A
Person who is not determined to work over-
time on his lessons, and is not willing to pre-
Pare them even though he is tired, is bound

ARGO st

to fall behind. We don’t wish that to happen
to anyone in this school. There are other
ways of getting the money, one of which we
have spoken of. ;

[t is for the school to decide what they will
do. We have tried to give an impartial view
of the situation. If you wish to try your
hand at amateur theatricals or the like, and
think that the game is worth the candle it is
your privilege to do so. If on the contrary
you would rather subscribe something to the
good cause, and thus avoid the time and
trouble, do so. The practice of this school in
almost all cases is to let the students decide.
Therefore we put the decision, as the expres-
sion goes, up to you.

—o—

Music.—Following out in part the sugges-
tion made by this paper regarding the forma-
tion of an orchestra, the practice was recently
instituted of having the school learn college
songs and sing them twice a week, led by an
orchestra. It seems appropriate that this
school should become familiar with the most
common college songs, and particularly with
the beautiful songs of Rutgers College.
Many of us will go to Rutgers, and as these
songs are used at all the games it will be a
very good thing for us to learn them.

The singing and the playing of the or-
chestra has been entirely impromptu. The
fellows bring their instruments and just play,
having no preparation or notes. We encour-
age this kind of music, and fully believe that
we will get much enjoyment out of it. It
would be worth while if the fellows would be
willing to give up their recess to this sing-
ing. It would be still more desirable if we
could have a period set aside each week, and
a regular music teacher. But for the present
let us get all the enjoyment and benefit pos-
sible out of our impromptu singing.

—o—

Cuts.—Through the kindness of Mr. Rit-

ter, of Brooklyn, we have been enabled to ob-

tain cuts for our paper.

 
52 THE
OUR SUMMER CAMP

We are pleased to announce that the Rut-

gers Preparatory School has a summer camp

for boys on a beautiful island in Schoodic

Lake, Maine. The preliminary announcement

says:

“This Camp, under the direct
management and administration of Mr. F. H.
Dodge (A.B., Yale), Director of Physical
Culture and Gymnastics at Rutgers, is pro-
vided with three comfortable bungalows, a
number of tents, 17 beautiful boats, a launch,
and a large flat boat or transport for connec-
tion with the main land.

“The boys in their plays and games, their
boating, swimming and fishing, their tramp-
ing and mountain climbing, their studying,
if any have studying to do, their reading,
Sabbath observance, and all matters pertain-
ing to their personal habits, will be under the
personal supervision of the headmaster or of
the assistant headmaster, with an adequate
force of experienced counsellors.

“The Camp provides for physical training,
setting up drill, and athletic sports of all kinds,
of which water sports naturally receive the
larger share of attention. Rowing, canoeing
and swimming are always under very careful
regulation.

“Besides these activities the boys may enter
into photography, woodcraft, nature study,
manual training, etc., becoming expert in one
or more of these lines under competent in-
struction, and with excellent equipment.
Those so disposed may construct pieces of
mission furniture for use at home or in their
school or college dormitory. These may eas-
ily be shipped home by freight from a nearby
railway station.”

LOCATION OF THE CAMP

Some camps are near large cities, perhaps
on the seashore, or crowded thickly along
some incessantly navigated river or bay or
lake; others manage to get further back into
the country and out of range of city influ-

business

ARGO

ences: but here is a camp in the very heart of
the woods, in the midst of true forest country,
IN THE MAINE WOODS

In the full conviction that real camp life in
the real woods offers the best possible outing
and training for the average city and village
boy of to-day, this camp has been established
in the thick of the Maine woods. It is near
a railroad indeed, and connected by telephone
with the outside world, yet it is none the less
embosomed in the wilds of nature, in the deep
forest—the forest primeval—with its marvel-
lous lakes and streams stocked with fish, as
well as its vast reaches of tree-land the home
of innumerable animals and birds.

SCHOODIC LAKE

‘Lhe camp occupies a charming location on
a small wooded island in one of the finest lakes
in Maine, Schoodic Lake, famous for its
scenery as well as for its fishing. Katahdin,
giant among mountains, makes a glorious pic-
ture from the middle of the lake. ‘The lake
itself is a noble sheet of water, extending
north and south a full ten miles with an irregu-
lar shore line running up into innumerable
inviting bays and little coves. Its banks are
invariably high and densely wooded. While
here and there, singly, or in charming groups,
are wonderful little islands, natural camping
places for those who enjoy outdoor life, be
they boys, girls, or adults.

FISHING

Then the fishing :

“Hundreds, yes, thousands of handsome
landlocked salmon, trout, togue, black bass
and perch have been taken from Schoodic
Lake, and still the supply does not seem in
the least diminished. The fish taken here are
almost always of large size, and the vigorous
resistance they offer when hooked makes them
a prize worthy of any fisherman’s seeking,”-—
In the Maine Woods.

THE SURROUNDING COUNTRY

The surrounding country is Maine wood-

land of the most inviting character. Lake
THE

is, only three-quarters of a mile distant,
Sebo? " very large body of water, its shores
ooded, offers further Opportunity for
riety of pleasing expeditions. In the

great Va
| are smaller lakes and numerous

ad
peighborhooc

rout streams. :
A particular feature of the location is the

racter of the woodland lying southeast of
eat In this respect, the Camp is almost
varivalled. While half of the township, like
the greater part of Maine timberlands, has al-
ready been lumbered over, the other half,
which lies within half a mile of the Camp,
through complications of ownership still un-
tangled, has never yet been cut, and now pre-
sents the very unusual phenomenon of a vir-
gin forest.
THE CAMP
Under these conditions, the Camp has been
established to give boys the opportunity to
become familiar with camp life, to begin that
study of nature in its many phases which con-
tributes so largely to one’s enjoyment in later
life, and to continue that athletic training
which every normal boy now aims to obtain.
WOODCRAFT
In woodcraft there will be constant training.
Side trips of a week or more will be made to
nearby streams and ponds, which will give
experience in camp life. The older boys will
also have a trip to Mt. Katahdin, going by
railroad to North Twin Dam, thence by canoes
to Abol. There is nothing comparable to this
anywhere else in the State.
A licensed guide and assistants will be in
charge.
PHOTOGRAPHY
In photography, with an expert photo-
grapher in charge, and with a dark room on
the premises, excellent opportunity will be
furnished for the boys to become familiar with
outdoor photography and to gain a satisfac-
tory degree of proficiency.
ATHLETICS
The athletic side of camp life will be
Carefully looked after. Apparatus for athletic

ARGO
53
Sports will be at |
hand and :
though naturally, the w. ese

ater sports wi i
Sas a ports will receive
the larger share of attention i

canoeing Will be under ¢
Swimming w

Rowing and
tk areful regulation,
ibe made an important br

pee anch
of athletic istruction—a fine stretch of sand
beach is near the camp :

ae nue will also be taught.

ments for those Lari Po ech

ite oe 0 wish to make up school
gain advanced standing,

“A resident physician will be at the Camp
during the entire season.

EXPENSES
The charge for the season is $150.00; for
one month $75.00,

The round trip fare from Boston to Schoo-
dic is $9.75, traveling from Boston to Bangor
by boat.

Opportunity is afforded, both going and re-
turning, to visit noted places in the vicinity of
Boston,

ALUMNI NOTES.

‘oo. Miss Clare Halstead was in town dur-
ing the holidays.

‘co. Mrs. Beattie, formerly Miss Jean
Voorhees, who has been in Mexico, where Mr.
3eattie is a mining engineer, has spent two
weeks’ vacation with her parents at the Col-
lege Farm, New Brunswick.

‘o6. Miss Mary Gillespie and Miss Helen
Rust ‘o4 were in town during the holidays.
They are now attending Mt. Holyoke College.

‘06. Miss Margaret Cooke and Miss Bessie
Wilbur have taken up their studies at Smith
College after spending their vacation in New
3runswick.

Ex-'og. Mr. Schuyler Rust, who is now at
New Britain, Conn., spent the holidays in
town.

Professor Hall visited the school twice be-
fore the Christmas holidays.

‘o7. We are glad to hear that Ted Pock-
man is again able to be about after an opera-

tion for appendicitis.
54 THE

’o7. Miss Marguerite Prentiss was in town
over the holidays.

Ex-'o7. F. O. Joslyn is in business in New
Brunswick.
Ex-'o8. Dan MacNeill was seen around

town lately. He started for the West Saturday,
January 9, where he will enter into the insur-
ance business.

Ex-’o8, Ed. Radel is attending Notre Dame
College.

‘99. Former Professor Scott was in town
during the holidays. He is now a practicing
lawyer.

‘05. James Scott is manager of the Rutgers
College basket-ball team.

‘08. Hewette Joyce spent the holidays in
New Brunswick. He is attending Yale Uni-
versity.

‘08. Miss Evelyn Knox was another of our
alumni who spent the holidays in town. She
is attending Mt. Holyoke College.

Ex-’og. “Rod” Vanderwart is now a re-
porter on the staff of the New Brunswick
Times.

There was a young lady named Fitch,
Who heard some snoring, at which

She took off her hat and found that the rat
Was fast asleep at the switch —E-.

“Anything new or fresh this morning?”
a reporter asked of a railway official.

“Yes,” replied the sole occupant.

“What is it?” asked the reporter eagerly,
whipping out his notebook.

“That paint you’re leaning against.”—Ex.

Jack: “What did your father say, darling,
when you told him my love was like a broad
and rushing river?”

Mabel: “He said, ‘Dam it.’ ”"—E-x.

“Have you an ear for music?” asked the
maid. ‘‘No,” replied the matter-of-fact young
man. “I use one of my ears for telephone
communications and the other for a pen-rack.”
—Ex.

 

On Saturday night, December twelfth, in
the Ballantine Gymnasium, the teams of 1909
and 1910 met in the first basket-ball game of
our current season. The Juniors came off vic-
torious with a score of 25 to 18. In the first
half the Seniors took the lead and by hard
playing made a score of 16 to 11. In the sec-
ond half, however, the Juniors, by careful
guarding and steady team work, kept the Sen-
iors down to one basket, while they themselves
shot fourteen points.

All through, the game was marked by off-
side, and chance play. In shooting baskets,
Ziegler led with five and a foul; Todd came
next, with five also. The line-up was as fol-
lows: :

Juniors. Ziegler (Capt.), forward; Searle,
R. B., forward; Bissett, center; Prentiss,
guard; Pingry, guard.

Seniors. Searle, R. W., forward; Voorhees,
J. S., forward; Morrison (Capt.), center;
Todd, guard; Elmendorf (Voorhees, T.),
guard,

Referee, Van Keuren.
and Professor Smith.
each.

Timekeepers, Low
Halves, 20 minutes

 

He sent his son to college,
And now he cries, “Alack !
l’ve spent a million dollars
And got a quarter back.”—E-r.

Teacher: “Now, Johnny, what was Wash-
ington’s farewell address?”
Johnny: “Heaven.”"—Ex,
THE ARGO

 

achanges.
many of our exchanges and find

pall our E

Te open 5 :
W Fee of Tue Arco. It is our desire to
criticls

prove this paper and make it truly repre-
in Sve of the school. In following out this
sen , as fs
van it would aid us greatly if our exchanges
ald give us a fair criticism. If there is any-
wot 5 : °

thing in which we are noticeably lacking, any-
thing which can be improved, anything worthy
of praise, you will confer a great favor on us
by mentioning it, and giving us your opinion.
We shall try to do justice by you, and we hope
you will do justice by us.

“THe Arco acknowledges with thanks the

r

no

following exchanges :

Acta Diurna, Advocate, Academian, Acad-
eny Journal, Cutler Fortnightly, Echo, Irvon-
ian, Magpie, Mirror (Moravian), Mirror
(West Hoboken High), News, Shucis, Owl,
Pennant, Poly Prep., Red and Blue, Red and
White (2), Register, Spectator, Sunnyside,
Vail Deane Budget, Vox Studentis, Valkyrie.

Academy Journal, you should not split up
articles as you do your athletic notes.

The West Jersey Academian is a very good
magazine but the paper on which it is printed
is poor.

Cutler Fortnightly, you are an excellent
magazine, but you should acknowledge your
exchanges, :

The story entitled “Playing the Game” in
the Vail Deane sudget is the best we have
Seen yet,

The Christmas number of the Poly Prep. is
excellent,

 

65

We are gl; :
€ are glad to welcome the Ow
ot exchanges, |

column ?

I to our list
ut where js your exchange
Irvonian, We do not see The
list of exchanges, alt]
You should writ

Red and Blue
Your exch

Argo in your
lough it was sent to you.
€ up your athletics more fully.
- You have too many stories,
ou ange column is lengthy.

The Red and White has one of the neatest
covers out.

The last issue of the Register is up to its
usual good standing.

Vox Studentis, Why do you put your
school yell on the cover?

The Spectator is an interesting and well
written paper, although we suggest a change
of color on the cover.

The Recorder for this month is our prize
exchange. Its athletic column contains a very
neatly devised chart of the B. H. S. vs.
Manual game.

We are glad to see the News so prompt in
coming. We have to wait a long time for
most of the other exchanges.

The Magpie is an exceedingly fine paper;
but wouldn’t it be better to have your only
full plate picture as a frontispiece ?

The Pennant is a well gotten up paper, but
the color of the cover is a disgrace to any
paper.

A very fine lot of cuts, together with the
neatness of its issue, makes the Shucis an ex-
cellent little paper.

Advocate. We like your paper very much.
In regard to the Argo, we consider one good
story better than several poor ones.

Echo. Your exchange column should be
enlarged; otherwise your paper is good.

The \Acta Diurna is an interesting paper
containing fine literature. ;

Mirror (Moravian Seminary). We notice
that you think we are too sharp in our criti-
cisms of exchanges. We wish other papers
were that way and would show us our faults.
We apologize if we have said anything to hurt

your feelings.
56 THE ARGO

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be found at

BRUNS

Phone 310-J. 71 CHURCH ST.

SCHUSSLER’S, case:

Parties, Dinners and Receptions served in
the best manner.

BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100.

 

 

GO TO

ARGCGCHBR’S

For Good Shoes.
17 PEACE STREET.

 

The Landsberg Store,

1, 2, 3 and 4 KING BLOCK.

MEN'S FURNISHINGS,

 

JOHN P. WALL
High Grade Tailoring

 

 

I5
Church St.

New Brunswick,
N. J.

  
    
 

Special
ame Discount

to Students

 

 

Raincoats,

.

 

 

CBOE REED'S SONS.

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are

studied in the building of our Soe for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits,
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters,

- $12 to $40

- $15 to $35

JACOB REED’S SONS,
1424-1426 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
THE ARGO

Bissetts Drug Store

420 George Street.

 

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WHEN IN NEED oF

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Pow-
der, Soap, Combs, Brushes,
Soda and Milk Shakes

 

Go to
HARVEY IREDELL, D.D.S. Pe
Church St., Cor. Neilson. Seiftert Bros.
National Bank of New Jersey Building. For Stationery, Books, Photo and Sporting
Anesthetics Administered. Goods.

50 DENNIS STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,

68 and 70 Albany Street.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Anco.

 
d med

THE ARGO

 

 

“Tht Boys ENJOY THEIR SCHOOL NOME
IN THIS DORMITORY]T 1s ALSO THE Heno/pstexs
RESIORNCR, AND MOST OF THE FACULTY

LIVE. MERE,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS
143d Year

A high grade college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rut Cc
enjoying unusual advantages. : mege Seen Sal arto

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY.

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school h im-
mediate supervision of the headmaster. Excellent table. ol home under the im
Interesting social and athletic life. Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball. Military drill.

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL.

In the Elementary School girls as well as boys are received. Boys of all i in ei
school at pany He, one snide pools or Uourdees. 3 ages received in either

EXPEN —At the House.—The regular terms at the House are $450 a year i
rated at $400. Boys have individual beds. Rooms are heated by ea ee ara ed ee
the following rates, per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Department, each grade $9.00. Intermedi-
ate Department.—Fourth and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00. Academic De-
partment—First Form, $16.00; Second Form, $18.00; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, $24.00.

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York. Parents
naturally want to patronize an easily accessible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emerg-
ency the son is in quick touch with the home. Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention Tue Arco.

 
