 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
 

Taga

TES

JUNG

AUT

 

A

 

 

 

 

 

 

WH Mahan i

NOVEMBER, 1910
Vol. XXII No. 2

 
THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS

 

145th Year

 

A high grade college fitting school, closely nssocinted with fine old Rutgers College, aud therefore evjoying

unusual advantages.

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOT-BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY

Also a strong faculty of profeksionally trained teachers.
Kxcellent Table,

Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball.

ARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL

mediate supervision of the headinaster.
Interesting social and athletic lif

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMEN

 
 

In the Elementary School both gi

school at any time, jeither as day pup ders:

and boys“are received.

Comfortable school home under the im-

Boy Scouts of America

Boys of all ages received in either

EXPENSES .—\At the House.—'Vhe regular terms of the house are $450 a yenr, a few rooms being rated at

$400. Bays have igdividual beds

     
  
 
 
   

and Fifth Grades, &
Second Form, $18.00;

‘Lhese schools nre easy
want to patronize an easily &
touch with the home,

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Hea

Rooms are heated by steam.
per quarter, have bégu adopted: Primary Department, exch grade $9.00
-00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00.
‘hird Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, ¥24.00,
, necessible from all directions. s
ssible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emergency the son is in quick

Day Pupils.—For day pupils the following rates,
Intermediate Department.—Fourth

Academie Department.—First Form, $1610;

Only one hour from New York. Parents naturally

Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

 

_—Rutgers College

[ NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

\ aenuneneneuececennunevascaneisnrasnenenay

\
\
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT IS
BROAD AND THOROUGH

and by a revision and ‘enlargement of the curriculum, affords

  
 
 

unusual facilities for lective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
Higher Math

Political Science,

German, atics, Astronomy,
Philosophy,

Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

History,

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives
the degree of A.B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture
and the Mechanic Arts.

In this Department there are eight full
leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc.

courres, each

A Course in Agriculture.

A Course in Civil Engineering.

A Course in Chemistry.

A Course in Electricity.

Course in Biology.

A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics,
A Course in Mechanical Engineering.

A Course in General Science.

SY OYE SYS
>

And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does
not lead to a degree.
For catalogues and other information, address IRVING S.
UPSON, Registrar.
W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D., LL.D., President.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 

 
THE

ARGO 1%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE KING IN THE CATACOMBS.

Have you ever been in the catacombs of the
cathedral at Forrés in the little kingdom of
Terens? Have you known what it is to be
alone, many many feet below the ground sur-
rounded only by the low stone arches and the
sealed tombs of the kings of centuries ago; to
see by the flickering light of a candle the
moisture trickling slowly down the walls in
long festoons of cool green slime; to walk on
tiptoe for fear of hearing the echo of your
own foot-fall through that vast damp cellar,
and to start as though you had encountered a
spirit from the other world when a rat, in
search of food, scuttles out of the gloom out-
side of the candle-light and back into the
gloom on your other side? I had this experi-
ence some twenty years ago, but under condi-
tions slightly different from those which the
modern tourist would encounter. Now elec-
tric lights disperse the darkness and a talka-
tive guide makes more sociable and less ghost-
ly that formerly gloomy place.

At the time I was reporting for the New
York Telegram and had been sent to Terens
to report the latest news of the revolution,
which was then taking place. Most of my
readers have doubtless been told of this up-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rising in the quaint old kingdom—now a part
of Austria—but for these who have not I will
relate a few of the details.

In the whole kingdom were but few more
than a hundred thousand people, mostly peas-
ants, and it consisted of low-lying farm lands
group about Forrés, which was built on a
hill and where was located the palace, the
cathedral, and various stores and markets.
The revolutionists were probably excited by
the Austrian government, who for a long time
had its eye on this fertile bit of country, and
who doubtless thought that a time of rebel-
lion would be a good one in which to seize
this prize. The war was largely Church vs.
State, for the king, Victor X, was a young,
democratic and broad-minded man who saw
that the priests really held the power and that
under the guise of religion they were enrich-
ing themselves, and therefore he was gradu-
ally drawing the power from the church and
placing it in himself. The Austrians saw their
opportunity here and aroused the priests to
try to regain their lost influence. As most
peasants do, the majority of the population of
Terens placed unbounded faith in their reli-
gion and its priests and would stand with it
against all odds, therefore against a few roy-

 
1s THE ARGO

alists was fighting an army—great in compari-
son—of about, ten thousand ablebbdied peas-
ants. This army had swept all before it and
only a week before my adventures in the cata-
combs the palace had been seized and the king
carried away a prisoner and hidden in a place
known only, it was said, to six leaders of the
popular army. On the morning on which my
story begins I was idling about Forrés in the
hope of obtaining some special news for my
paper, when I noticed an open window in the
great cathedral. Of course at this time of
war the cathedral was closed to nearly all,
but the open window was at the back on an
unimportant street, and, as all were gathered
in the market square discussing the prospects,
this road was now entirely deserted save for
myself; besides it was high up on a straight
stone wall and in this old fashioned place they
never suspected such a thing as the rope lad-
der which I had in my little room at the inn.
It would, of course, be nothing for the paper
but it would be very interesting for me to
see the inside of the old cathedral,.especially
when visited in such an unconventional man-
ner, so I hurried to my lodging and was soon
back, with the ladder, under the open window
of the great church;‘once, twice I threw the
hook up, would it never catch? yes, at last it
was firm on the window ledge and I began
my ascent. I was in no danger of being seen
for, as I have said, everyone was gathered in
the square. When I reached the top I leaned
over the ledge and looked down. The window
opened on a little ante-chapel and T saw that
by stepping over the ledge I could reach the
top of the casing of another window and from
there, by climbing and dropping, I could quite

easily reach the floor; however, although there -

was no one in the little chapel, I was afraid
that someone in the main part might hear me

so I decided to make more sure of safety, and, °

standing on the window ledge I drew up my
ladder and let it down on the inside. T
climbed cautiously down and without noticing
at all the decorations of the chapel, T went
over to a door which I rightly supposed to

 

lead into the main cathedral, after looking
around and seeing no one I walked quietly
in; probably, I thought, the priests were so
sure of no one entering the cathedral that
they thought it unnecessary to guard the in-
side, but no sooner had I entered than I heard
four soft taps on the door and looking up I
saw, to my great surprise, a priest come out
from behind some hangings and walk quickly
toward the great door. I knew that capture
here, at such a time, meant death so I slipped
into one of the pews and I crouched down in
it just as the door creaked on its hinges, and
peeping over the back I saw the priest, after
closing the door, walk back with another man,
who wore the red and gold badge of the
church party, toward the hangings which the
priest had just left. Once there they pushed
the curtains aside and opened a sort of trap
door in the wall. I almost shouted with ex- .
citement for this I knew must be a secret
door to the catacombs, the main door of which
I knew to have been walled up some years
before; a door about which much was rumor-
ed but nothing was known. The two men
when inside began to descend immediately.
While they were gone I began to wonder if I
could not gain an entrance here, for T knew
that it would be a big thing for the Telegram
to have a description of the catacombs writ-
ten at this time, this might mean a raise in
salary and then T would have more for my
mother, and besides there was someone else
back in New York, waiting as eagerly as I for
that raise in salary: anvhow if IT had any
chance to go down on the other side of that
door, T determined that I would not hesitate
to accept it. After a few minutes the two
men came back and leaving the door at the
head of the stairs open they walked together
toward the cathedral door. Quickly T took
advantage of my opportunity ‘and ran swiftly
over to the door and down on the inside, I
soon came to a bend in the stairs and when
around this, so that T could not be seen T lit
a candle that T had with me and then went
down more rapidly. The steps were of stone
THE

high and narrow, and set between two walls
of solid stone. When down a short way |
heard a very faint voice from above, “Guard
well, Gaston;” shortly after a shutting door,
and then | knew that I was a self-made pris-
oner. | really did not mind much, for it might
make a fine story for my paper, but there
was an involuntary sinking of my heart as |
felt myself shut out from the daylight in a
vast, dark, and mysterious cellar with only
this flickering candle and one more match in
my pocket for comfort and companion; at
that time I did not suspect another companion
so near. The stairs seemed never ending,
down, down, down, I went, and there were so
many turns and twists that I completely lost
my sense of direction. The steps kept getting
narrower, the stone damper, the darkness
deeper, and my feelings were far from com-
fortable when I reached the bottom of the
steps. When down, the vast space added to
the impression of ghostliness and the low
gray arches seemed like a never ending laby-
rinth as they showed dimmer and dimmer in
the candle-light and I almost believed in the
supernatural as I walked on and on; time and
time again I came out where I had started at
the bottom of the steps. After a while, how-
ever, I seemed to get away from this part and
found myself able to walk on and on without
seeing an end to the arches. Once I looked
around and not watching where I was going
bumped into an arch, the candle fell, rolled
away and went out and I could not find it.
I did not want to use my other match yet for
I thought that I might need it worse after-
wards. As I groped on in the pitch darkness
strange thoughts filled my mind, when I heard
a little crunching in the wall I wondered, with
a shudder, if it was a rat gnawing the flshless
bones of a one time king, but worse was in

‘store for I suddenly came up short against

a low stone bench. I bent over and felt
around, first cloth, embroidery, lace I touched,
then something cold, fleshlike; was it some
poor rat who had found here a warm death-
bed? But no, it was—yes, it was a man! In-
stantly I struck my match and in the momen-

ARGO 19

tary flash I looked down on the features of
the late king, Victor. The match died down
and went out and in a panic of fear I ran
quickly through the darkness hoping to find
the stairs. Thud! I slipped on something and
fell, hitting my head.

(To be Continued.)

A FRESHMAN ON THE GRIDIRON.

John Hadley, who lived in a small country
town, was sixteen years old and had been
quite a leader in the town athletics. Every
one admired the boy and when they learned
that he was to go to boarding school, felt sure
he would be greatly missed.

On the fifteenth of September, John left a
very sad mother and father. It was his first
experience at living away from home and he
did not cherish the thought.

After a hard day’s journey, he arrived at
the school, and was greeted by calls of “Hey!
Freshman, Ho! Fresh,” etc. This was rather
a takedown from what he was used to. Nev-
ertheless he found his room and went through
the usual job of settling himself in his new
home. His room-mate had not yet arrived, but
he sincerely hoped he would afford good com-
pany during the ensuing year.

After making things cozy, Hadley walked
out in the hall where he found a number of
the Freshmen standing in groups. No one
noticed him, or at least did not speak, as they
were all talking of their just ended vacation.

Feeling rather lonely he started for the
campus, but stepping out of the door walked
into several of the older fellows, the foremost
of whom approached him and saying, “Hey,
fellows, look who's here,” there then arose a
chorus of “Speech! Speech!” Feeling rather
embarrassed, but thinking it best, he allowed
himself to be carried to the corner of the
building, where there was an old stump, and
to be placed on this. He tried to talk but had
nothing to say, and gave it up as something
else more important attracted the fellows’ at-
tention. John now wandered about looking at
the buildings.

 
(—~

20 THE

Next day a foot-ball mass meeting was an-
nounced, Hadley was there. On returning
from the meeting he found his room-mate, Ed-
ward Robins, and they decided to be fast
friends. Ed. cheered him up and induced him
to try out for foot-ball.

Two weeks later found Hadley in the last
game of the season, with a worn-ont team.
The only chance of victory lay in him. He
was rushing down the field with the whole
team following him. Every step he expected
to be tackled. Just as he arrived at the goal
a man dove and brought him crashing to the
ground. Both men went sliding along as the
others piled on. At this moment the whistle
blew. The game was over. The cheering
crowd surged to its feet, breathless, eagerly
awaiting the result. “Tt came. The ball was
over the line and the game won. Hadley had
won it. —'Il.

Our apverTISERS have done their part in
giving us their adds, and it is now no more
than right that we should patronize them. If
a merchant thinks too much of his money to
give us an add, we should think too much of
ours to patronize him. We want every fellow
to help those who help us, and to Boy-cott the
“Tight-wad.” This not only applies to the
fellows, but to the FACULTY also. We quote

BILL BRYAN.

“The fellow who tries to attract business
WITHOUT ADVERTISING is like the fellow who
throws his sweetheart a silent kiss in the dark.
iE knows what he is doing—nuT NOBODY ELSE
DOES.

SERED a
RESOLUTIONS.

Wuereas, It has pleased Almighty God in
His infinite wisdom to take away the father
of our schoolmate, Russell Van Sickle; be it

Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt
sympathy to the family of the deceased.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to the sorrowing family; that they be
published in THe Arco,

ARGO
ALUMNI NOTES.

‘78. Congressman Bennett is again running
for Congress.

‘Ro, Frederick Weigel is running for City
“Tax Collector.

‘or, “Bull” Schenck is a candidate for the
Assembly.

‘96. George Green is recuperating from

blood poisoning.
‘o7. Bill MacDonald is President of the

Senior Class at Rutgers.
‘o7. Chauncey Olcott has been seen in

town. ;

‘07. Harvey Cox is playing a great game
for Lehigh.

‘08. Ed Williams and Dan MacNeil were
seen at the N. Y. U. game.

‘o8, Gross played a fine game against
Penn. for Lafayette.

‘oo. It is reported that Bobbie Prentiss is
engaged. .

‘og. Ted Strong has entered Yale.

‘og. Reeder Reeves, Wesleyan ‘13, was op-
erated on for appendicitis recently.

‘to. Jimmy Ziegler scored a touchdown for
Rutgers against N. Y: U.

‘to. John Rowland wore a red tie to col-
lege, but after chapel the Sophomores were
so struck with envy that John and the tie were
forced to part company.

‘to. Erickson finished third in the hundred
yards in the Rutgers Interclass Meet. The
time was IO.1.

‘to. James H. Ziegler of New York is a
probable candidate for a Phi Beta Kappa key.

Jimmy Alverson kicked a drop from the
50-yard line in the N. Y. U. game.

Morrison, Elmendorf, Halstead and Fol-
lensbee are on the Rutgers Scrub.

 

ERASMUS, HALL. ‘

We admire the sportsmanlike attitude of
Erasmus Hall and are glad to acknowledge her
apology for playing a “ringer” in her game
with us.
 

 

 

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly During the School Year,
BY THE

__ RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL. _

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

PRINTED by J. HEIDINGSFELD.

“ARGO STAFF:

Editor-in-Chief
Cartes Wo. Ritter.
Business Managers
D. C. Succor. A. C. Buscu.
Managing Editor
Rosert W. JoHNson.
Alumni
R. B. Searve.
Litcrary Editors
H. L. Janrway. A. S. Ricjrarpson.
W. Farvey.
Auhctics
F. D. P. Has Broucr.
Schovut Notes
D. C. Wuire, W. Dunvor.
Exchangis
R. W. SEARLE.
Jokes
E. Hog, Jr.
Staff Artists
R. B. Watson. W. B. Marmar,

Directory
Pres. Y. M. C. A.—-R._W. SEARLE.
Pres. Students Asso.—R. W. SEARLE.
Captain Foot-Ball—D. Wutte.
Captain Basket-Ball.—F. R. Parxiy.
Captain Trac ‘o be elected.
Manager Foot-Ball.—J. WW. ScuuMACHER,
Manager Basket-Ball.—R. W. Jonson.
Manager Track.—¥. D. P. Has Brovuck.
Cheer Leader.—R. W. Jounson.

 

 

 
   

 

Subscription price, per year, $1.00 (in advance).

‘All. business communications should be addressed to the
Business Managers, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. All
other communications should be addressed to the Editor-in

 

Chief, and must be accompanied with the name of the author. -

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on one

side of the paper only. . ;
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are mpst cor-

dially invited to contribute.
~

ARGO 21

UP-TO-DATE FOOTBALL.

“Beg pardon, will you pass the ball?”
“ve tackled—will you kindly fall?”
“Excuse me if I have to kick,

It’s just a little football trick.”

This is the way they do it now,
Instead of kicking up a row.

No more you hear the captain shout:
“Hi! Tear ’em up and knock ’em out!”

No longer do the bucking halves,

With thick, bull necks and mighty calves
Rip through the line and as they go
Their struggling enemies lay low.

No more do linemen slug and punch
For now they are a gentle bunch,
And grandstand folk and bleachers see
The manners of a ladies’ tea.

No gruesome stretchers are on view.
The surgeons have no work to do.
No cuss words rend the frosty air
For players speak each other fair.

One never hears the wounded groan
With broken limb or collarbone,

Nor does one hear the cracking spine
When rushing fullback hits the line.

The rules forbid the rude, rough plays,
As made in brutal, bygone days,

Also the new rules penalize

The gouging of a foeman’s eyes,

And hardy warriors may not come
And jump upon an alien’s turn.

It’s “please” “beg pardon,” “pray excuse
lhe fact that we're obliged to use

Some little force to make a gain;

We'll be most careful, give no pain.”

The runner speeds with leap and bound,
The tackler keeps one foot on ground,
The runner hears his pleading calls,
So in his loving arms he falls,
22 THE ARGO

And seeing both still on their feet
The grand stand murmur: “Ain’t that sweet!”

The brutal days are gone at last,
The ball is softly forward passed,

Or on-side kicked, or run with, free,
A fitting game for any she.

Some mourn the awful days of yore
When football games were scenes of gore,
When broken bones and even necks
Were common sights, and human wrecks
Were seen upon the football field.

And ministers and mothers squealed
And shrieked with horror when a youth
Had mashed his nose or lost a tooth.

Those were the times when men would slug—
But now the doughty heroes hug.

Perhaps, if things go on like this,

They will not stop at hugs, but kiss,

For strictly keeping modern rules,

They'll play the game with female schools.
—Providence Journal.

—o—.

When this is so, many fellows who never
thought of playing the game will be seen out
trying for the team.

Now that the fellows are getting more spirit
and yelling better at the games, why should
we not have some better cheers? I think if
the cheer leader would look through some old
Arcos that are in the College Library he
would find some different cheers. Other
schools have a “Locomotive.” Why can’t we?
Why wouldn’t it be a good plan for the school
to offer a prize for the fellow writing the best
yell?

On Saturday night, November 5, 1910, the
“Hungry Nine” gave a straw ride. They drove
over to Metuchen, and after refreshments

.
were
patrone
inson.

served, an informal dance was held. The
sses were Misses Marsden and Dick-

———

Col. Jasper Ewing Brady, an ex-army offi-
cer, who says he was sent to investigate the
destruction of the Maine in Havana harbor,
says (according to the New York papers) the
War and Navy Departments have suppressed
the facts concerning the Maine disaster, for+
fourteen years. The fact that the Maine was
blown up by a submarine mine was known.to
the President, the Secretary of the Navy, the
Secretary of War and four army officers be-
fore war was declared with Spain. He says
Jose Zavaldo, an electrician at Morro Castle,
threw the switch, destroying the ship and 207
lives in a flash. Zavaldo was afterwards shot
by order of General Blanco,-who never ad-
mitted why he had ordered it done. He also
says a piece of the cable is now in the Navy
Department at Washington, and he could lay
his hand on it were he there.

‘At the Trap. Vesper Service on Sunday
evening, October 30, Mr. Logan spoke a few
words in which all were interested. He left
the subject of History, which he teaches in
Rutgers College, and took his text from the
Bible. He mentioned many things which men
in college and high school should know and
think about. His final statement was that
every one had a calling to do something, and
to do it as a Christian.

Mr. Boardman now spoke on our plan for
Sunday School work. The classes are to use
text-books, but also have general discussion
work. This is voluntary work to which town
fellows are invited.

 

On November tenth a meeting was held for
the purpose of reorganizing the Y. M. C. A.
This meeting was begun by Mr. Scudder in-
THE

troducing Mr. Richardson, who in turn intro-
duced Mr. Harris, International Organizer of
the Y. M. C. A. Mr. Harris gave a short ad-
dress on the four. foundation principles of
American Manhood, which he said were puri-
ty, honesty, brother-manhood, and belief in
God. He also told that the Y. M. C. A. was
a place to strengthen fraternities and teach a
man to believe in his organization. Farley,
Stier and Braun were appointed as a Nomina-
ting Committee. It is hoped that the Y. M.
C. A. will be quite a success this year.

 

It is a custom in our school for the Senior
Class to give a present to the school as a tes-
timonial of its regard and appreciation of its
Alma Mater. The Class of 1910 did a most
admirable thing in giving the drinking foun-
tain which is a conspicuous object in the front
hall and which is evidently greatly appreciated
by the boys. The Arco suggests that the pre-
sent Senior Class consider the matter of its
gift early in the year, and, whatever it may
be, see that it is purchased and installed early
in the spring instead of waiting until after
they are graduated. Why should not the
Seniors enjoy their own gift for a while, and
see others enjoy it? Many a man has con-
tributed good money towards a class present
which he has never had a chance to use or
even see, and perhaps is ignorant as to wheth-
er it actually put in its appearance or not.

 

A very interesting discourse was given by

Mr. Nelson, at the Trap, Sunday evening, No-
vember 13. When Mr. Nelson was introduced
as a missionary to the McKee station in the
Kentucky mountains, one would have thought
his subject would be strictly religious; but he
knew what would be more interesting, and
made his talk entirely on his experiences in
the mountains. After he described his trip to
McKee, telling many exciting incidents, he
brought before us the town of McKee by tell-
ing the place and use of the important build-

ARGO 23

ings. The second summer he was there he
had charge of a Sunday School in Spark’s dis-
trict, some distance from McKee. ; He told
how he started and managed this school and
the times of excitement he had there.

The “Holy Rollers” is the name of a relig-
ious band in the mountains, that has meetings
in different towns to get converts. The be-
lievers in this religion prove their earnestness
by gymnastic motions. Mr. Nelson told us of
several meetings he attended and how he was
nearly converted by force.

Art Exuinit.—On October 18, 19, 20 and
21 the Rutgers Prep. School was transformed
into an art gallery. There were about two
hundred pictures, reproductions of famous
paintings, to be seen throughout the building.
The admission fee was twenty cents, but those
having more money to devote to a good cause
were welcomed upstairs where candy and ice
cream were sold. The exhibit was started at
eight o’clock, by the School Orchestra, which
consisted of Mrs. Hodgdon and Messrs. Fish-
er, Conover, Gonzales and Stier. ‘After about
fifteen minutes of fine music an interesting
lecture on some of the pictures was given by
Mr. Sidney P. Noe, of Rutgers College. The
exhibition was well attended, but Friday night
was exceptionally good. About one hundred
and fifty dollars was cleared. This means at
least six or seven new pictures for the Prep.
School.

To the Editor-in-Chief :

I think that it is a real shame, and I believe
that you will agree with me, to see all of our
lady friends trying to hobble around in the so-
called “hobble skirt.” No more can one take
a delightful stroll in the moonlight with his
adored, but he must either sit in the parlor
and talk to her about the weather under the
stern eye of a watchful mother, or, if for-
tune smiles on him and the weather permits,

 
24 THE
he may see her on the porch. Far be it from
us to say that we mind their tying themselves
up, but why can't they tie themselves up in a
way which will leave them a little freedom.

W. F. ’12.

One of the prominent citizen of New
Brunswick, Mr. Wall, who has long been in-
terested in the Prep. fellows, and who has
spoken to them several times before, consented
to come to the Vesper Service and give a
short talk. His subject was taken from a
hymn, “Behold a Stranger at the Door,” which
he compared to many incidents in life——one
of which was about the new fellows coming
to the school each fall, how they knocked at
the door as strangers, but were soon taken in
by the old fellows and made at home.

The service was ended after several hymns
and all felt better for what they had heard.

Dr. Demarest spoke at the Trap., Sunday
evening, October 23, on the subject of “Con-
querors.” In his passage from the Bible he
compared to our everyday life as concerning
both our inner and outer life; both physical
and mental conquering. The physical con-
quering was shown by the athletic contests or
our bodies overcoming illness; the mental con-
quering we did every day with our studies.
His final word of encouragement was that
every one can conquer something, and it is
our duty to do so.

MANvAL TRAINING DEPARTMENT.—A Man-
ual Training Department has been started un-
der the direction of Mr. Hodgdon, Professor
of Physics. This will enable the students tak-
ing Physics to make their own apparatus for
experiments, and gain considerable knowledge
in carpentry. The best up-to-date tools have
been purchased from Hammacher-Schlemmer
& Co. The room adjoining the laboratory will
be fitted up with benches to accommodate
about ten boys. Extra work and individual
pieces can also be done in here.

 

PREP. 5, B. H. S. 2.
B. H. S. kicked off and the
pigskin dropped into Succop’s arms, but he

was unable to advance it as the B. H. S. ends
Stinson bucked the line

twice, but B. H. S.’s line held and Prep was
Prep.’s line was like a wall.

First Quarter.

were on their job.

forted to kick.
Prep. getting the ball again on their second

try worked a couple of ‘pretty passes but lost
the ball on a fumble. Prep. again received
the ball, this time on a fumble by B. H. S.,
and White made 15 yards around right end;
after a try at the line White again circled the
end, this time for a touchdown.

It was Prep.’s ball at the beginning of the
second quarter but they were held for downs.
B. H. S. worked like a machine and were
eating the ground up. At last Prep. held, and
getting the ball with only a yard to go hit the
line, but B. H. S. held them. On the third
try Prep. fumbled but recovered the ball. B.
H. S. held for three more downs and receiv-
ing the ball kicked it out of danger.

The third quarter was much in B. H. S.’s
favor with Taber’s forward passes and both
Striglitz and Founda finding holes in Prep.’s
line. But Prep. took a brace in the latter part
of the quarter and held B. H. S. from cross-
ing the goal line.

In the beginning of the fourth, B. H. S. had
only ten yards to go, but Prep. was all there.
Prep. was-unable to gain when they got the
ball and White was thrown for a safety. Then
began some of the prettiest forward passing
and punting that we have seen this year, with
B. H. S. getting a little the best of it. Prep.
 

THE

was still holding her own, however, when the
whistle blew.

The work of Succop, Ley and Dougherty
on the line was great, while Stinson, White

and Busch filled the back positions well.
B.H.S.

Prep.
Right End
Taber (Capt.): ossiehes gases Grombacher
Right Tackle.
FAGUSER ae site aisene Betecigw siclowde Sarna’ Succop
Right Guard.
Bloz .......00. Shumacher and Van Sickle
Center.
DODD wea veer seine earrgcerapaats cap,oe Richardson
_ Left Guard.
Bakery eto amrie aes fanenmwn rad ears Hollander
Left Tackle.
Eipsteinc aniston ovatus sass atu Ba Ras Dougherty
Left End
Baer and Johnson ......... Ley and Watson
: Quarterback.
Gollitis Ry ccpesrtesier eter cecas. tees White (Capt.)
Right Half.
JanteS 2.5 ease ets cet ees cas es Konow
Fullback.
POvit attest es eo Seca, deer slarenoire, BiSererene oH Stinson
Left Half.
SUE QHZ AOD, sete: crsieusnscorananis. sxoiavaiay eS Busch
—o—

TRENTON H. S. vs. PREP.

On Saturday, October 22, on a wet and
soggy field, so slippery that both teams had
difficulty in keeping their feet, Prep. out-
played T. H. S. to the tune of 6 to o.

First Quarter. T. H. S. kicked off to Prep.
Voorhees fumbled but White recovered the
ball and made a short run. Prep. tried line
plunges and lost the ball on the 20-yard line.
Prep. held T. H. S. and recovered the ball on
the 25-yard line. White punted and Succop
recovered it. White worked a right shift and
made 6 yards around right end. With one
yard to go Stinson plunged through the line
for a touchdown. White kicked the goal.
Time.

Second Quarter. T. H. S. kicked to Prep.
White received ball; no gain. White and Ko-
now made 9 yards around left end. Trenton

ARGO 25

held and Prep. kicked. Then Trenton kicked
to Stinson, Prep. lost 2 yards on a pass to
Ley. Watson and Searle went in as substi-
tutes. Time. Score, 6—0.

Third Quarter. Prep. kicked to T. H. S.
and downed’ the runner in his tracks. T. H. S.
lost on fumble. Searle made ro yards through
the line. Prep. worked a pass for a small
gain. Here began an exchange of punts re-
sulting in no gain for either team. Time.
Score, 6—o.

Fourth Quarter. Trenton had the ball but
Prep. held them for downs. Prep. tried dine
plunges but made no gains. Then the ball
changed sides repeatedly on downs. Busch
substituted for Voorhees, Schumacher for Van
Sickle, Hoe for Succop. Shortly after, time
was called, with the final score 6 to o.

The line work by Dougherty, Succop and
Richardson was noticeably good, while the
backfield worked well considering the condi-
tion of the field. .
Tues S.

Prep.
Right End.
Grombacher: os Vsti verter Heocsenas Walch
Right Tackle.
Succop; Hoe wis sas Awseecnt so ony Mae Nab
Right Guard.
Van Sickle, Schumacher ...... Wirthchapter
Center.
Richardson, 300 eat 02s 80 gen cette es Miller
Left Guard.
Hollandérite esses testes tds cet Smith, J.
Left Tackle
Leys Watson sd eset cittes ecleec Hart
Left End.
White (Capt. )its i804. tien Stettt Layton
Quarterback.
SUNSON wees esatintht ehemecad « Smith, W.
Fullback.
Voorhees, Busch ................ Pritchard
Right Half.
Ronow;'Searle < cicwes ses os Borden (Capt. )
Left Half.
pe CE Sele Ma eee ead Woodruff

Referee, Prentiss.
keeper, Blackwell.
Mittag.

Umpire, Cocks. Time-
Linesmen, Hassell and

 
26 THE ARGO

NEWARK ACADEMY vs. PREP.

First Quarter. Newark kicked off to Prep.
Voorhees recovering the ball carried it back
10 yards. Newark held and Prep. was forced
to punt. Grombacher recovered the punt, but
Newark again held and White kicked, New-
ark receiving the ball. Newark kicked and
White ran the ball back a short distance.
Newark was penalized 10 yards for being off-
side. White kicked to the 3-yard line. New-
ark then kicked out of danger. Prep. tried a
pass which failed but they recovered the ball.
With about 3 yards to go Stimson was sent
around right end for a touchdown. White
kicked the goal. Time.

Prep. had the best of this quarter, holding
the ball throughout in Newark’s territory.

Second Quarter. Newark kicked off and
Busch ran it back for 30 yards. Voorhees
made 5 yards through the line. White tried
a quarterback run but Newark ran around left
end for 15 yards. Newark again made first
down on a run around ends. Newark tried a
drop kick but Richardson broke through and
blocked it and Busch fell on the ball. White
went around right end for 5 yards and then
kicked to Newark who went around right end

for 5 yards and again for first down. New- |

_ark tried a pass but lost it. Time. Score,
Prep. 6, N. A. o.

Third Quarter. Newark kicked to Prep.
and Grombacher ran it back for 5 yards.
Newark held Prep. for downs, while White
kicked, but Newark ran it back its full length.
Newark went around left end twice for first
down. Prep. braced up and held Newark
when they had only two yards to go. Prep.
kicked out of danger and Newark made a safe
catch. Newark now made a pass to left for
first down. Prep. again held Newark. White
tore around left end for 21 yards. Newark
held, while Prep. kicked. Newark returned
the kick and Voorhees ran it back for 15
yards. Hoe subsituted for Dougherty. Time.

Fourth Quarter. Prep.’s_ ball. | White
kicked, while Busch recovered ball. Newark
held and White kicked, Newark made a fair

catch. Newark now made 12 yards around
left end, and also a good pass to the right end
for 10 yards. Newark then went around left
end for first down, and being on the move
made 10 yards by a pass over the line. Prep.
penalized 5 yards for .offside. Newark had
only 6 yards to go but Prep. held them. White
kicked out of danger. Newark tried to pass
but Searle blocked it. Voorhees made first
down twice through the line. Time. Score,

Prep. 6—N. A. 0.

Prep. N. A.
Right End.
Grombacher .....----csccsee tee Houghton
Right Tackle.
SUCCOP Ver careressia sroreyarecaniave, opie Nuaie vias Harries
Right Guard.
Van Sickel s..cessisias acs sarees Mumsick, D. R.
Center.
RichatdsOM sassisness vss" acow sxecevs Munsick, D. B.
Left Guard.
Hollander ccristss si sesame cies exetrane Guitz.
Left Tackle.
Dougherty, Hoe 2.0.0.0. cece eee eees Purdy
; Left End
LEB ec RR sarareenee cscra ener aaron ise Cummings
Quarterback.
White (Capt.) .............000. Edminston
Right Half.
SUMSOM SAB Aetrred doccmrad cee cree 5 Buttle
Left Half.
VGOE HOES) stteshsy shire sas custeTetitt ce sl eave Kellogg
Fullback.
Busch, Searle ............ Nicholas (Capt.)

Referee, Salvage. Umpire, Parkin. Field
Judge, Halsey. Linesmen, Erickson and
Schlinger. Timers, Konow and Whitman.

Oo
PREP. vs. WILSON MILITARY ACAD.

The Wilson Cadets journeyed to New
Brunswick, Saturday, November 5, from Fin-
derne, N. J., only to be defeated by Prep.’s
strong team. The day looked bad, for snow
and rain fell most of the morning, so very
few spectators saw the game. The field was
in poor condition and the ball very slippery.
Game called at 3.30 p. m.
—_—o

First Quarter. Wilson received Prep.’s
kickoff and put the ball into scrimmage a ie
yards in advance. They soon made their first
down, but when Prep. settled in the line they
held, forcing Wilson to punt. Konow re-
ceived the ball and ran up 15 yards, A for-
ward pass to Grombacker added 5 more
then Voorhees’s crossbuck made to, With
another good forward pass and several line
plunges the ball was brought down to the last
yard line. In a mass play Konow carried the
ball over for a touchdown. White failed to
kick the goal.

Wilson received Prep.’s kickoff and in the
next few plays forced some fast work. Prep,
stopped their advance by getting their at-
tempted forward pass which Dougherty snug-
gled under him. Konow broke through the
line and made a zigzag run of 45 yards. White
seemed to feel confident of Prep.’s forward
passes and signalled for another. This Grom-
backer caught and carried 15 yards down the
field. The first quarter ended with Konow’s
ro-yard rush through center.

Second Quarter. With the ball in Prep?s
possession it was soon carried down near the

‘goal line by White and Stimson’s neat runs.

With the ball only one yard from the goal line
two attempts were made before Konow car-
ried it over. Whité kicked the goal.

Soon after the kickoff White caught Wil-
son’s punt. The ball was steadily worked up
nearer the goal by Prep.’s backfield men until
White tried a drop kick. At this part of the
game four fine tackles were made. Wilson
rushed hard but fell each time as Dougherty,
Hoe, Succop and Ley made successive tackles.
Prep. got the ball when Wilson punted and in
the next play Succop caught, on the bounce,
an onside kick and rushed it 10 yards. An-
other touchdown was made by Konow. White
missed the goal. Time. Score, Wilson 0,
Prep. 16.

Third Quarter, After the kickoff the ball
passed back and forth from one team to the
other. Dougherty made a neat tackle but had
his knee hurt in it. Prep. took the ball on

~

downs. White made a long punt and the good
Work was kept up by Ley’s two tackles and
Dougherty’s recovery of the ball. The last
plays of the quarter were made by Ley on a
forward pass and Voorhees’s run around end.

Fourth Quarter. First Prep. then Wilson
attempted forward passes but each time the
Opposing team got the ball. Voorhees slipped
around end for 25 yards. Wilson tried an on-
side kick but White fell on the ball. A Wilson
man caught Prep.’s forward pass and in the
next play attempted a drop kick. Time called.

Time of quarters, 10 minutes. Referee,
Prentiss. Umpire, Robertson. Linesmen, Er-
rickson, Bowen.

Wilson M. A, Rutgers Prep.

Left End.
Bantingen liven angsnve desert. cies Soartot Ley
Left Tackle.
MeBarland: tems sas ot ee cenen. ve Dougherty
Left Guard.
Pearson ..........n. Hollander, Schumacher
Center.
CHOUZE: sage etorsee asareraceraratinthoncart hwnd avenarets Hoe
Right Guard.
Gullick sntascutndicen Passe omens Van Sickle
Right Tackle.
KOH GR essticg seco <Wisnere aretverteae ern oraiers Succop
Right End.
Robertson) « sevacs wire sts « Grombacher, Parkin
Quarterback.
Hill Veitew sai ae sentence cence White
Left Half.
Kraus . 0... ee cee ee eee ee eee Voorhees, Busch
Right Half. :
Crénning® so% suse puxcmsou an size Konow
Fullback. -
RawsOn 11... eee eee eee ee eens Stinson
—o—

PREP. vs. PLAINFIELD H. S.
Rutgers Prep. team with a car full of root-
ers went to Plainfield on Election Day to play

' the High School there. Game called 10.50.

First Quarter. Plainfiel"l kicked off to
Prep. who after several downs decided they
must get around the High School line by a
forward pass. This failed and the ball was

 
—e

28 THE ARGO

caught by a Plainfield man. Prep.’s line held
good and finally Plainfield punted. At first
Plainfield’s line resisted everything, but Prep.,
encouraged by Busch’s 20-yard run, punched
it hard until it wavered. White tore 15 yards
around end for first touchdown and kicked the
goal,

Plainfield received the kickoff and rushed
the ball up 20 yards. Neither team made any
large gains for the rest of the quarter.

Second Quarter. Succop caught Prep.’s
punt on a bounce, but as it struck a Prep. man
before it hit the ground Prep. was penalized
and the ball given to Plainfield. Dougherty
fell on Plainfield’s fumble and in the next play
Konow ripped up 25 yards through’ center.
A Plainfield man was hurt and had to be car-
ried off the field. By to and 15 yards at a
time Prep. worked thé ball down to the 5-yard
line and then sent Voorhees over for a touch-
down. He failed to kick the goal.

Third Quarter. The Plainfield man_re-
ceived the kickoff and ran up 20 yards before
being downed. Plainfield made a high punt
which White caught. Prep. advanced steadily
until White dropped the ball when tackled, but
this was made up when he caught Plainfield’s
forward pass. Again the ball was brought
near the goal line and after several attempts
made by the backs was carried over by Stim-
son. Goal failed.

Voorhees kicked off to Plainfield. Prep.
recovered the ball on downs and made quick
work of their trip to the goal line. Konow
ran the last 20 yards of the distance and made
the touchdown, White failed the goal. Plain-
field. received the kickoff and sent it back.
Prep. made a few small gains and then a for-
ward pass was slipped to Grombacher, who
dodged his men and sped down the field for a
touchdown. Goal failed. Time.

Fourth Quarter. Plainfield receiving the
kickoff made a return kick which one of their
men illegally caught before it touched the
ground. Plainfield made a long punt over
Konow’s head and set Prep. away back. A
touchback was made and the ball put into
scrimmage on the 25-yard line. Dougherty

snuggled in Plainfield’s blocked punt, and time
was called with the ball in Prep.’s possession
in the center of the gridiron. Plainfield out-
punted us by far but Prep. handled the ball
best. Time. Score, Prep. 26—P. BH 5:6;

Referee, Prentiss. Umpire, Phillips. Head
Lineman, R. B. Searle.

Rutgers Prep. Plainfield H. S.
Left End.

LEY Sine Cocca ews moore See NS oe Clark
: Left Tackle

Dougherty ....--eeseereeeeereeecees Ferry
Left Guard.

Hollander ......ecc ecw eeereeeereseeee Moy

Center.

HO6 iciis thaws obi Greece crsaiow sexe orenes's SHEERS Carty
Right Guard.

Parkin, Schumacher ...--.+--+++0+5 Veghte
. Right Tackle.

SUCCOP ord. cre weinie vcere exo 39 sbi a(SSle Raves Carr
Right End.

Grombacher ....---sse0heeeeee Vari Zandt
Quarterback.

White (Capt.), Searle ..........-+++- Coyle
Left Half.

Busch, Voorhees .......---eecee eee eee Mills
Right Half.

KORG W ast sedi recaie waprsiodh oootanacs Bristol (Capt.)

Fullback.
Voorhees, Stimson .......00....00ee: Good
—o—

RUTGERS SCRUB vs. PREP.

On Wednesday, October 26, a cloudy and
very disagreeable day, Prep. held the Rutgers
Scrub to a no-score game.

First Quarter. The Scrubs kicked off to
Prep. and Konow ran the ball back 5 yards.
Prep. tried line plunges but was forced to
punt. The Scrub worked a couple of line
plays and a pass to right end for 30 yards.
The Scrub then tried a kick but Prep. blocked
it. Scrub penalized for offside. Prep. worked
a pass to right end for 10 yards, then tried
line plays but fumbled. Time. Prep had the
advantage of this quarter in every way.

Second Quarter. Scrub’s ball. They tried
a pass over the line but Ley was there and
covered it. Stimson went through the line for
THE ARGO 29

frst down. White tore arotind right end for
25 yards. Prep. penalized 5 yards for offside.

Konow made 5 yards through the line, Prep. §

again offside. Scrub held Prep. but lost the
pall on a fumble and Prep. punted. Serub
worked an onside kick. Time.

Third Quarter. Prep. kicked to Scrub and
Elmendorf ran it back 15 yards. Prep. got
the ball on an onside kick. Prep. returned
kick and the Scrub tore off some great runs.
Prep. was penalized twice for offside. Prep.
blocked a pass to right end. Time.

Fourth Quarter. Prep.’s ball and a punt
tried by Scrub. Scrub worked a pass over
the line. Scrub penalized for being offside.
Prep. bucked the line but fumbled and was
thrown for a loss. Scrub got the ball on a
pass to left end and punted. Wrep. recovered
the ball. Voorhees and Stimson plunged
through the line. Time. Score, 0 to o.

Prep. Scrub.
Right End.
Grombacher.-< stones sas esas + oa sar Davies
Right Tackle
SHCCOP: < cco: seis cae ceceainisie ete nie ereitine Hotling
Right Guard
Wan: Sickle: ec ens ot Showa vee Titsworth
Center.
Richardson, Hoe .......-- see sees eee Oley
Left Guard.
Hollands. i: st ee sca fove sewers opeers Tirsil
Left Tackle.
Dougherty ...-...eesee sree eee Follensbee
Left End.
Ley, Parkin .......-e seer bee eee ees Johnson
Quarterback
WHC! earls whe Beats wyshege onthe rieye ited Elmendorf
Fullback.
Stimson i... /gt nc eae se oe es tale vom Glauder
Right Half.
KOHOW, scanned os de ceerot mele et ome eles Elliott
Left Half.
Voorhees .....-ceceeee cence eereeee® Chase

Six and five minute quarters. Referee,
Prentiss, Umpire, MacNeal. Timers, Auch-
ter and Rogers. Linesmen, Searle and Mit-

tag.

 

 

We are glad to see George Day again, ana
congratulate him on his recovery from the
operation.

/ The “Pound” is now open and Mr. Bergen
's prepared to redeem “dogs” every morning
at recess at a charge of five cents.

In Physics: “You won’t get any more pres-
sure from a pipe that runs around town than
one that is right in here.”

Hallowe’en was a big night for the Trap.
fellows, as they had the full night off. The
faculty received a petition for this and the
privilege was granted.

Stier (translating Virgil): “He binds the
two bodies of his sons.”

Mr. Lewis: “How many bodies did each
son have?”

Stier: “Two.”

Upperclassman (studying Physics aloud) :
“Its magnitude, its point of application’—
Freshman: “I know where that is.”

Congratulations, Conover. How long have
you had the kid?

Mr. Hodgdon: “Oh, yes, but that would
be a vacuum without any air in it.”

Hassell (getting information): ‘Now, if I
was elected editor-in-chief next year, could I
refuse it?”

“Beefsteak” Dougherty has bought the
“bowery.”

Mr. Lewis: “They sang hymns to back us
( Bacchus).”
 

30 THE

Mr. Hodgdon: “You now heat the hole.”

Mr, Fisher: “If I should ah-a-a-a-. If I
should say ah-a-a-a.”

Voorhees (after failing to explain a sen-
tence): “Oh, well, it means he got in wrong
with his wife.”

Miss Dickinson: “Don't you have plenty of
maple syrup down south?”

Menzies: “No, not so much. I thought
that was gathered up north.”

Miss Dickinson: “But the sugar-cane
grows down there.”

Ley to Malmar (after the latter had pur-
chased a new tie): “Is that one of the 25¢c.
line?”

Malmar: “No, this is one of the clothes
line.”

Reeves (translating Anabasis): “One man
was hit on the left wing.”

Sam. (translating): “And they hung a
wreath of victuals about his head.” (In an
undertone): “I can’t find it.” (Aloud) : “Oh,
here it is.” .
STILE LED LEE I

SOKES

Father (to lazy son): ‘Well, son, have
you chosen a profession you think you will
like?” /

Son: “Yes; I want to be a lineman for a
wireless telegraph company.”

 

 

“Don’t you think, Mr. Skippins, that the
college you have selected for your son has
rather fallen off in its curriculum?” “Not
much it hasn’t. They ain’t got a foot-ball
team to beat it.”—Baltimore American.

“And you wouldn’t begin a journey on Fri-
day?” “You bet I wouldn't!” “I can’t un-
derstand how you can have any faith in such
a silly superstition.” “No superstition about

it.’ Saturday’s pay-day.”

ARGO

For many years Dr. Francis L. Patton, ex-
president of Princeton University, wore wide
whiskers. Whenever he suggested shaving
them there was a division of opinion in the
family. One morning he came into his wife's
dressing room, razor in hand, with his right
cheek shaved smooth, “How do you like it,
my dear?” he asked. “If you think it looks
well, I will shave the other side too.” —Every-
body's.

The guest glanced up and down the bill of
fare without enthusiasm. “Oh, well,” he de-
cided finally, “you may bring me a dozen fried
oysters.” The colored waiter became all apol-
ogies. “Ah’s very sorry, sah, but we’s out ob
all shellfish 'ceptin’ aigs.”

He: “Congre& will never be composed of
women.” She: “Why do you think so?” He:
“Can you imagine a house full of women with
only one speaker ?”—Judge.

First Microbe: “Yes, I am on a $1 bill
now and travel a great deal. I don’t see you
often.”

Second Microbe: ‘No, I am on a $1,000
bill now and don’t get around much.”—Phila-
delphia Bulletin.

There was a drunken fellow down the street
walking around a tree with a wire netting
around it, crying to himself, “Oh, my God, I
am locked in.”

A refined widow would like a gentleman
for breakfast and supper.

She: “Some men die hard.”
He: “Others are ‘dead easy.’

”

Uneasy lies the head that carries the crown,
especially if the crown is bald and it is fly-
time.

Men’s negligee shirts “retailed” at half
price.

Walace’s boy swallowed a chunk of dyna-
mte; his father is afraid to whip him now for
fear of an explosion—Ex, .
 

 

THE ARGO - si

 

We are glad to acknowledge the following
exchanges : .

Bulletin, Critic, Kearnican, Normal Vidette,
Oracle (Mt. Vernon), Oracle (Plainfield),
Orange, Polytechnic, Recorder, Red and Blue,
Schucis, Searchlight, Targum (6), Vail Deane
Budget, Valkyrie (2).

The Bulletin coming to us from Montclair
is a very neat appearing paper. Its stories are
interesting and its poetry is good. We wish,
however, to suggest that the editorial column,
which is noticeably weak, be improved. Surely
foot-ball is worthy of an editorial, as are vari-
ous other school activities.

There is a lack of neatness and system
about the Critic (Hackensack) that detracts
greatly from the value of the material. The
paper does not contain a single story, and its
editorial column is small. If the rest of the
departments were equal to the exchange col-
umn your paper would be excellent.

Normal Vidette, we are always glad to re-
ceive you, but why do you lack an exchange
column? Your alumni notes are the best we
have seen. A strong column of this sort
keeps the school in touch with the alumni. We
appreciate your mathematics, but it is out of
place in a school paper. Some cuts and jokes
would brighten up your paper and take away
the dryness which it now possesses.

Oracle (Mount Vernon), your literary col-
umn is fine and your appearance is neat, but
your other departments are weak, to say the
least. There is no need for a different head-
ing for each society; they should be joined
under school notes.

The Recorder is starting out the new year
im good style. It is as good if not better this ,
year than last. We are always glad to read
as interesting a paper as comes to us from
Brooklyn Boys’ High.

We note in the first two numbers of the
Valkyrie a great improvement over the paper
issued last year. A cut at the head of the dif-
ferent departments would brighten your pa-
per up greatly. You run your stories right in
under the editorial column. From what we
see of your September issue it should be en-
titled the “Freshmen” issue, for almost every
story, editorial and knock is on a freshman.

The Advocate is a neat little paper with an
attractive appearance. One fault we wish to
mention is the athletic column, which is de-
cidedly weak. It is not that there is a lack of
quantity, but the quality is poor. The games
are not only very poorly written, but even
uninterestingly,

We were coming from the picnic
And wandering o’er the land,
The moon was shining brightly
I held her little shawl.

Yes, I held her little shawl—
How fast the evening flies!

We spoke in gentle terms of love;
I gazed into her—lunch basket.

I gazed into her—lunch basket,
I wished I had a taste.
Here sat my lovely charmer,
My arms around her—umbrella.

Embracing the umbrella

Of that charming little Miss,
Her eyes so full of mischief—

I slyly stole—a sandwich.—Er,

“IT say,” asked Jinks, as he walked’ into
Blink’s shop, sample case in hand, “can a cow-
hide in a boot shop?”

Blinks wasn’t at all slow.
“but calfskin.”—Ex,

“No,” he said,
 

S. ZIMMERMAN,

 

Barber.

 

Also Birds and Fishes,

- 881 GEORGE STREET.

WALTER -N--ABRAMS

Sanitary Plumbing,
Stéail and HOt Water Heating
Gas Fitting and Tianing.

138 GHURGH STREET.

Phone 593-J.

 

LEWIS H. HOAGLAND,

Van Deursen Pharmacy,

Cor. George’ and Paterson Sts.
gL:

NEW BRUNSW ICK Phone *49

  
 

Highland Park Pharmacy,

Raritan and Cedar Avenues,

HIGHLAND PARK, N. J. Phone 748,

BREAD
S OLS? K

Railroad Avenue
Phon ~140-W.

 

George J. Kuhn, Jr.

356 GEORGE ST. ~

Smokers’ Articles

 

0 & Volkert
Furniture Company

(Incorporated)
Repairing and Upholstering
erson Block

New Brunswick
Phone 409-W.

 

REGAL ee es YOUNG MEN

AR G& H E R’S,
No. 17 PEACE STREET.

 

 

FPPAUL F:WILLIAMS,

Ageént Mutual Benefit _Life Insurance Company
Also-Agent Yealer in Farm Lands,
NATIONAL BANK OF NEW JERSEY BU(LDING, NEW BRUNSWICK.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, ‘please mention Tue ARco,

 

 
 

 
  
 

   
       
  
 
 
  

 

 

——— Se

The College Store. | ae )
es 9 SWEATERS, i
oe eR \ Wl
uy =
[=
a O
| a pac suits. \ —_l
O'Neill’s Church Street O | | ee oO

- Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be | ound at B P E N

ar aa L King SOCIETY EMBLEMS| MADE
A ore ing-Winter ‘Season \ | 8 ORDER \

[rats CHURCH ST.
Phone 310-J. 71 C CH ST. | New sa es el New Jersey

 

OTO-GRAFER
\\319 GEORGE ST.

ters’ Monument}

    

 

 

LADIES AND GENTS FIRST CLASS | Those Smart Looking, Close

.- TAILORING SHOP\. Fitting Collars are |

STEAM CL G DYEING AND ALTERING
sits Made Over o

    
   
 

’s Sui dd \j.. .. ApS u
, '$2:50 =
een td a }
PHONE a36-R ORS" Established 81: Years

 

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Axgo,

 

—— eS ee
 

Hingher’s Big Furniture Sale

A wedding suggests the establishment of a New Home
—a new home suggests Furaitere for that home and Fur-
niture suggests 1 his hous: ov

in complete assortments and
want to select a sin legift ec
ment We hay e the ids «
largest, cl canest, fre steht stn seksi the Sanitary
mattres 8, Worth $16.00, At $12.00 Mattresses Renovated
by Electric Machine

Upholstering, Repairing af-Every Description

HINGHER’S FURNITURE HOUSE

One Block from tfélley, George and Schureman

16 Neilson Street
Genuine Antique Furniture

Telephone 639 NEW BRUNSWICK

   

SNYDER’S |

New-Brunswick’s
‘Leading Market...

 

 

57 ALBANY-STREET

 

 

 

 

152 EASTON AVENUE

 

Telephone 75?-W

New Brunswick New Jersey

LEWIS BOARD

BUILDER |

New Brunswick, N. J.

Phone 471-W
W.-RUS SELL
h & sahivie

Fiat
fn eet

aie justly claim that he can furnish
as Good and Clean Coal as can be
found anywhere. A trial order will
convince you of this fact.

 

New Brunswick New Jersey

  
 

  

andies, Nuts.and

Confectionery |

Corner

Easton Avenue and Somerset Sts.
New Brunswick, N. J.

Full Line of Foreign and Domestic
Wall Papers

- Painting »« Paperhanging
ROBERT S. TURTON

PHONE 187-W

185 Néilson St. New Brunswick, N. J.

Superior Quality
YP RINTIHIN G...

In Biack and Colors

Morrison @ Blue
Printing Co.
7-\3-13 Bethany Street

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
BVDV

 

 

Phone 750

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in

And we will call on you

 

our columns, please mention THE Arco,

 

 
_

 

Foot-ball = -

 

$3.00,

NIFTY SHOES)FOR YOUNG MEN

$3.50, $4.00

Basket-ball - And Athletic Sh
mes 3 & MANSFIELD ~ oN

f ——

New Brunswick. N. J.

 

9 PEACE STREET

—_— y~

  

HARVEY IREDELL, D.

   

Nez Bruaswick

Ms of New

 

Phone

 
 

 

When patronizing the stores advertiSe

And Pacific /
Tea.Co. |

tt
366 George Street ay
52& 5h LA!

 

NEW BRUNSWICK

Compliments
of oe

 

ca
Compliments of Y. ae k

oO ’
The G . Globe Furniture /Co.
SS

’ /
e Great Gaa't 595.203 NELSON ST-
; Improve / Near Church St.
’ /

Atlantic ( With the passing of years the Morris
° Chair gains in/ popular favor. And
n why nog, singe its luxuridug com-
fort is ideal ?/ Adapted\to bo) many
The different heights and ight§, it is
round use

 
  
 

    
  
 

beyond compare for al
fulness. We are agentsj{f
Push Button Morris Chafr.
ferent styles to choos

\
New Brunswick

 

/ New her»

V\

L

 
 

 

BAS

N

 

  
   

“RUTGERS COL
133 Albany St.

M. |
/ >,
_ SP
KY
Large aad Smal Dining Room, Large Banquet Hall
]
DANCE HALL FOR PRIVATE ES

%¥4-76 Church Street.

A

New Brunswick

 

New Brule. J.
|. GRAHAM

PRE RER

~~ New Jersey

 

din our-columns, please mention THe Arco,
 

 

J. HEIDINGSFELD

PRINTER
BINDER

/ PUBLISHER -~
/ ————————

No. 42 ALBANY STREET

John M. Arnie! Geo. G. MacPherson

—

 

JET WHITE

Stéam 1 and Hand-Laundry >

80 Church Street

Telephone 47 New Brunswick, N. J.

HENRY>J. TICE

Florist.and Decorator

Cut Flowers Constantly on

Hand. Choice Palms, Ferns
and Bedding Plants
Gardening done by Day
Month or Season
Wedding and Funeral
Decorations . . + +. + +

356 GEORGE STREET

Phone 605 New Brunswick, N, J,

 

John Phil Christ

BAKERY
THE PREP. LUNCH

 

 

Cream Puffs
And All Kinds
Of Dainties

 

 

EXTRA ORDERS QUICK AND GOOD

 

Cor.

Easton Ave. and Somerset St.

New Brunswick New Jersey

I. S. VanDerveer
Photographer

High\Grade Portraiture

Commekcial and Landscape

‘ Photography. A Specialty in

Large Groups ee «i ie
<~.

 

Studio
355 GEORGE STREET
New Brunswick New Jersey

H. Milleman Ray Davis

Royal Furniture Co.

Dealers In

Furniture, Rugs, Matting

and Linoleum

66-68 Albany Street

New Brunswick New Jersey

ee ee
When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco,

 
 

JOHN P. WALL

THE
High Grade Tailoring Landsberg Store

Known As
NS / “The Leading
Dry Goods
Church St. _ Department
S FORE

New Brunswick,

NOI But Also Everything in the

way of Furnishings for Men

And Young Men .
Leading Styles At Lowest

Prices

Disc
OUR GEORGE AND ALBANY STS.

to Students NEW BRUNSWICK NEW JERSEY

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

Grand Central Stabl@éS and ARaqbie Soon

68 and 70 Albany Street.

 

 

 

 

NEW OPERA HOUSE

NEW JERSEY’S HANDSOREST LAYHOUSE \\ /Nauow ppneun CO. MANAGERS
\ PRESENTING

Vaudeville Da\the Biggest Scale = ie
6--STELLAR FEATURES 6 Mp icT a5S DE LUXE

3 PERFORMANCES DAIL
Entire Change of Program Mon

PRICES oneness = - > 302 | PRICESNS&co™. ide

LCONY ... . 10
EVENINGS _ GALLERY 10c MATINEES CHILDREN . S owe om 18 G

 

 

 

 
   
  

Ed ramets

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.

 

 
 

We Would be Glad to Have You Try

ZONWEISS

A DELIGHTFUL DENTAL CREAM

 

Whitens The Teeth
Prevents Decay
Hardens The Gums
Pieasant To The Taste

 

In a Gollapsible Tube at

25c

All druggists sell it
Johnson @ Johnson

NEW BRUNSWICK

 

New Jersey

The College Chap

 

Will find this Shop has many
little surprises in Store for him
in the way of Smart Ilaber-
dashery Ours 18 known as
“The Men’s Cornér,” «title
gained by yur endeavor to
supply the young man with
the most Advanced Fashions.
If your present needs are filled
you are cordially invited to do
a little “Kye Shopping.”’

 

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co.

 

Corner

George and Paterson Sts.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

 

Bissett’s Drug Store

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU
WHEN IN NEED
OF DRUGS, MEDI-
GINES, TOOTH
BRUSHES, TOOTH
POWDER, SOAP,
COMBS, BRUSHES,
SODA AND MILK
SHAKES .

420 George Street

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

Rutgers Preparatory School
Book Store

W. R. REED

School, Office and General
Stationery Supplies of Every

Description .

380 George St.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our

columns, please mention THe Arco.

 

 
