 

 

THE ARGO.

EE KE
Vol. XTI. March, 1901. No. 6.

Sarita

CONTENTS

Editorials
Through Boer Lines on Bicycle
A Mountain Fire
Third Lane Speaking Contest
Base Ball Schedule for 1901

 

Published Monthly by Rutgers College Preparatory School,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 
 

THE ARGO.

82

wouns Men, Look,
WHEN YOU WANT

SHOWS OF SYR DESCRIPTION
nn

Go TO

WILLLIQM H. COOPER'S,

376 George Strect.

Base-Ball, Gymnasium, Reception, and any kind of Shoes you
may wish for. Give him » call and he will do you guod,

in A shen’ PRICES LOW.......

 

 

 

 

  

Publisher,...

ASRS RNR OR OR ROR ORO Ricmae

2), HEIDINGSFELD, = Printer...

Bookbinder,

BRanra rarwanca ra ramon omar

 

42 Albany Street, rs New Brunswick, N. J.

 

“BULL DOG”
The Shoe of the Season.

$3 and $4
In Tan, Black and Patent Leather.
Harding & Mansfield’s
BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 Peace Sr. New Brunswick.

 

 

PP. ds. Youneae DRY Goons co.

~

“Ww rant stock or Dress Goods and Silks ; aes ae spree ;
AnOleums nnd Oil Cloths.
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
Blankets and Quilts.

Cloaks, Jackets and Capes “*niidueys!*™
P. J. Young Dry Goods Co. 27 CHURCH STREET.

SAYER WE WEAVE VR YR OR RN

SEOeees

—=—=—__*

q
THE ARGO. 83

oe ee re

 

P ee
=
we ;

TEWELER.

SUCCESSOR T0
TAPKEN & MILLER.

Cor. CHURCH AND NEILSoN Sts,

 

ONLY PLACE TO FIND THE

‘ SrEWARTS. Famous $2 Derbys.

FINE FURNISHINGS AND ATHLETIC GOODS.

m= Church Street, No. 29. +=

 

W. R. REED,

Bookseller, Stationer and Art Dealer,

No. 380 GEORGE STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

Agent for Columbia and Hartford Bicycles, and Remington Typewriters.

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER 48D OPTICIAN,

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver.

Soclety Pins Made to Order.
45 Church St. :

oo sng redding 1 Invitations.
JACOB REED, aE ALL NINDS OF

\ os, Fish
SH} A Kt QOD, = oS Oil.

Fine Oysters a pecialty

Hiram Street, New Brunswick, N. J.
Opp. City Scales. Tel. Call 94 a.

Barber Shop. Birds.

S. ZIMMERMAN,
380 GEORGE ST.
Next to People’s Bank.

 

OL AIK rerosur

355 George St., New Brunswick.

L. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

For College Books and Stationery,

AND A COMPLETE LINE OF
Sporting Goods, 1 ar
SEIFFERT BROS. No. 50 Dennis Street,

 
THE

The kind that

84
ives salis-
always gives 6%
faction — fits the

Good Clothes. in

head, and fits the pocketbook.

NEVIUS « CO-

1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

ARGO.

ERNEST DEVER,

 

TAYLOR & REED,
First-Class Boot-Blacks.

ALL SHINES FIVE CENTS.

356 George Street.

Kirkpatrick
Building.

JACOB WEBER,
MERCHANT TAILOR,

412 George Street.

THe R yyw PP op pDi

319 George Street.

 

Special Rates to Students

Vv. M. W. SUYDAM. Pp. H. SUYDAM.

Suydam Brothers,

GROCERS,

92. Schureman Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

FINE CONFECTIONERY.

SODA WATER. MILK SHAKES.
STATIONERY. FINE CIGARS

128 SOMERSET STREET.

GEORGE ©. COWLING, Manager.

 

=e,
EVERY THING GOOD AT POPULAR PRICEs,

H. M. VAN CLEEF,

Staple and Fancy Groceries,

352 George St.. nr. Bayard, New Brunswick, W. y

RUTGERS COLLEGE —

Rutgers ©." Scientific ~” School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

‘The Classical Department is broad and thorough. and p;
evision and enlargement of the curriculum affurds anust, T
facilities for Elective Courses throughout the Juntor mal
_ Senior years tn Latin, Greek English, French, German, Ij ie
<eulnomaties, Astronomy, History, Polltical’ Science,’ Philos.
ophy, Phy ics, Chemtstry, an Biology. ° I
The Scientific Department is the New Jersey State Cole;
for tre benefit of ey end rie Mechanic Arts. re
here are five full courses, eavh leading to the first
science. 7 Tee CORTES tn
1. A Course in Agriculture.
2, A Course tn Civil Engineering and Mechautes.
3. A Course In Chemistry.
4. A Course in Electricity.
5. A Course In Blology.
THE PLAN OF
Collese Extension
bas been enlarged. Several additional courses
various branches of science and literature are cored sere
be given throne now New ery er such centres as m: =
range with the Secretary of the Extension Ds 7
Louls Bovier,Jr., Ph.D. Sparsnens, Fro.
‘or catalogues or other information, ad
UPSON, A.M., Registrar. dress IRVING 8.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D., LL.D., President,

K. Hf. WIKOFF,

CATERER, CONFECTIONER,

FANCY CAKE BAKER.

109, 111, 118 Church Street.

WILLIAM GAUB,

Meats and Sausages,

 

 

Cor. Easton Ave. and Prosper St.

Telephone Call, 2114. New Buunswick, N. J,
ea i

 

 

ARGO.

 

 

 

 

 

Vou. XII.

 

 

New Brunswick, N. J., Marcu, 1901. .

No. 6.

 

 

The Arge:

Published Monthly During Me Svhool Year, by the
RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered iu the Post Otice as Second Class Matter,

Printed by J, Heidingsfeid.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS,
Senior Editor.
FRANCIS E. WILBER.

Associate Editors.
CARROL BADEAU,

ROELIF E. DU BOIS,
LOUIS BEVIER, 3D,
ARTHUR V. DE HART.
Class Editors.
THEODORE Kk. VARICK, 'U2,
A. JOYCE KILMER, 03,
CHARLES E. CORBIN, ’U4,
ANDREW KIRKPATRICK, ’U5.
Business Managers. >

GUY H BERGEN, HARRY CARPENDER,

Subscriptiun price, per year, 75 cents,

All communications should be addressed to the Seutor
Kdilor, New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accompanied with
he name of tbe author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by waiting on on
side of tbe paper only,

Officers Of the schuel, students and alumi, ie most cor
dially invited to contribute,

 

Tue Rutgers base-hall team has started
training for their game with Princeton, which
oceurs on March 23d. Fellows, why don’t you
wake up, begin to train, and practice, as the
Rutgers team, and our gallant captain and
pitcher, who can be seen working hard at the
gymnasium almost every afternoon, are? This
year, if we get to work in time, we should be

 

able ‘to put one of the best teams on the field
that we ever had, and by hard work conquer
some of the schools that defeated us in foot-
ball. Boys, get to work! Practice and train!

Tue second term examinations are over, and
another load is off the mind of most—if not
all—of us. This is another reminder of the
fact that spring is at hand. The last term is
generally conceded to be the easiest, and why
can’t some of the boys take a little more inter-
est in the Arco, and help its overworked edi-
torial staff by a few substantial contributions ?
Will not some slumbering literary genius kind-
ly bestir himself and let his light shine. You
may say that there are enough editors on the
staff to run the paper, but just ask any of the
editors his opinion on the subject, and you are
likely to be enlightened. We are doing our
best to keep the ball a-rolling, but the ball
won't roll with credit to the high standard set
in former volumes of the Arco, unless each
one does what he can to help.

But no more of this! We have harped on
this string until it is about ready to snap, but
we have heard few answering echoes. This is
the last call.

 

Some complaints have been made by other
school papers because we have not had an ex-
change column. The Arco has never had an
exchange editor, and it has even had a success-
ful career without one. Occasional notes have
been made os especially meritorious subjects,
but these have been the exception, not the
rule. Some exchange editors of other school
papers have said that the Arco should at least
We
are of the opinion that most of the criticisms
made by editors tend rather to excite bitter

have a few criticisms on its exchanges.

 
86 THE ARGO.

feelings than to be helpful. One paper charges
another with some fault or mistake, and the
other replies with considerable acrimony. This
does not increase the feeling of friendliness
(and sympathy!) between editors. On the
other hand, some papers do not criticise
enough; they praise each and every paper they
receive, indiscriminately. The exchange col-
umn is of no use when it degenerates into a
column of flattery. It is very hard to steer a
middle course. Some papers are doing it, but
the majority fall far short of the ideal. So the
Arco has done away with an exchange col-
umn. It endeavors simply to give an accurate
acknowledgment of all exchanges received.
Sometimes omissions may occur, but we hope
that they will be pardonable. Moreover, when
the exchange column grows in numbers it is
impossible to make a comment on all papers
received, and those which receive none feel in-
dignant at the omission.

We offer this explanation to our friends, the
critics of our exchanges, and trust it will prove
sufficient.

THROUGH BOER LINES ON A
BICYCLE.

Begun in the December issue.

Still further on in the late dusk he met other
Dutchmen riding toward Sandspruit, evidently
Natal farmers about to join the army there.
One of them was a man of some consequence,
for he was well dressed, well mounted, and
was accompanied by several black servants.
He had an umbrella in his hand and wore a
high derby hat, which gave him a parson-like
appearance. These Boers passed him like
phantoms in the gathering night, not a word
being exchanged on either side. Not far be-
yond he sighted some men who seemed to be
driving cattle. He followed them at a safe
distance, for they were undoubtedly Boers, for
some fifteen to twenty minutes. At a cross
roads he turned off to one side, while they dis-
appeared. In the dark he coasted down a

 

steep hill, About eight o'clock he reached a
place which he took to be Charlestown, which
is just on the Transvaal-Natal border and the
first town on the British side, and the last pomt
on the Natal Government Railway. He asked
a man where he was, to learn that he was in
Volksrust, which is in the South African Re-
public. A post and wire fence marks the
boundary here. This he got past in a minute
or two, and was in British territory at last.
Needless to say, he was quite pleased. An
hour later he was in Charlestown, which he
found deserted, the English, Kafirs and coolies
having fled down country. He went to a
bakery and store and going to the back he
opened a window. One of the panes in the
window had already been broken. He got into
the house and trundled his bicycle in after him.
The place had been quitted in great haste:
postage stamps were lying on the desk of the
store; a safe in the bed room stood open, and
in it were paid checks and other documents ;
women’s skirts and stockings, men’s shirts,
and other like objects lay scattered about,
showing that some rapid overhauling of pos-
sessions and packing had been done; the
feather bed was still unmade. The place was
well stocked with all sorts of edibles; canned
meats and fish, bread which had not been made
more than a couple of days before, and pre-
served fruits. He made himself quite at home,
ate a hearty supper, and went to bed after se-
curing the door, putting a board against the
broken window and laying a hammer as a
weapon upon a chair near the bed. All the
next day he was in and about this store. He
spent the time distributing food from the
stock to Kafirs and Indian coolies, dozens of
men, women and children who were on their
way from the Transvaal down country. They
were all pretty hungry and forlorn. Snaith
reasoned that the Boers were soon to occupy
Charlestown, and the negros and Hindoos
were as deserving of meals under the condi-
tions as the Dutch would be. He found a Kafir
youth in charge of the place. This boy’s em-
ployers, too timid to face the Boers themselves.
THE ARGO. 87

had rather ungraciously left him to their ten-
der mercies.

At dawn the following day he heard a knock
at the door. His cry of “Who's there?” was
answered by a query if the magistrate lived
there. The questioner proved to be a “Cape
boy,” a half-caste that is, who was pretty badly
frightened. He said that he had been em-
ployed by a Cape Colony burgher who had
been commandeered. In the preparations in
the Boer camp for trekking he had run away
and he was fleeing down Natal. He said too
that the Boers were coming across the border,
His master, he himself, the other “boys,” his
master’s wagons and teams, had all been com-
mandeered. It was on the advice of his mas-
ter, who had been left by the Boers in the
laager to guard the women and children, that
he ran away. After this boy had gone, Snaith
trekked himself, having no wish to be over-
taken by the Boer advance guard. He rode on
his wheel toward Newcastle. On the way he
paused to look at the graves of some British
soldiers killed in the Boer war of 1881. He
saw some Boer outposts in the distance, and
one he met, a young fellow sitting beside the
road with his rifle across his knees. Snaith
asked him if he was on the right road to New
Castle, and the Dutchman, who could not
speak English, pointed in the direction of thac
place. He reached New Castle about six o'clock
in the evening. He stopped there one night.
The magistrate and the superintendent of the
borough police were still there, and about forty
residents, including four ladies. He heard
that a woman who owned a bake-shop had been
baking large batches of bread, because she had
received a letter from her nephew in one of the
Free State commandoes, telling her that the
Boers would be in New Castle on Sunday, and
they would require plenty of bread.

Snaith’s wheel had been squeaking, and
thinking that owing to the weight put upon it
and the roughness of the country he had been
riding through, probably one of the balls in the
bearings had been broken, he pulled it to
pieces. He found on looking at the bearings

that they were in perfect condition. This
speaks well for his American wheel, which he
had now ridden about 400 miles.

He left New Castle about ten o'clock in the
morning and went on to Hattarig. He stopped
there a night. It was on the road from the
one place to the other that: he got the. first
drink of beer he had had since leaving Jo-
hannesburg. He bought a large bottle of the
amber liquid at a hotel. It was on the morn-
ing of a beautiful day, Sunday, that he rode
into Dundee. Before he came into the town
he traversed the British camp. He had quite
a conversation with some soldiers who clus-
tered about him and plied him with questions
about the Boers. They were much amused at
his wheeling along with two “swags” fastened
to his machine. They expressed themselves
as eager to have a “go” at the enemy. The
camp was lively enough and a military band
was playing. The soldiers said that they were
glad they were at Dundee and out of Lady-
smith. Not a few of these “Tommies” ex-
plained that they had been on foreign service
for years, and they were pleased that hostilities
had begun, because they knew definitely that
could go home after the war, their time having
expired.

Dundee was quite filled with people, most
of the boarding houses being well patronized.
Snaith stopped here, at Dundee, a week, and
during that time he joined the town guard.
He attended the drills once or twice, but he
discovered that the guard knew about as little
as it was possible to of tactics. The trumpeter
used a cornet, and he didn’t know the calls.

On the day of the battle of Talana Hill
Snaith was awakened early in the morning,
before light, by some one who knocked on the
door and yelled: “Town guard, the enemy’s
here!” He got up and went into the main
street. There he ran across four men carrying
a stretcher upon which was a “Tommy” with
a broken arm. The stretcher-bearers were
resting, having borne the wounded soldier a
long distance. The hurt man was cursing the
Boers freely despite his weakness from loss of

 
88

blood, with which his tunic was soaked. Think-
ing that there was no reason for hurry, Snaith
went back to bed after having vainly tried to
get a drink of brandy for the wounded soldier.
He had been asleep in his clothes some little
time, when the roar of a big gun fairly shook
him out of his slumbers. When he got out-
side the house he could see the mist rising from
Talana Hill, and the Boer gun was being well
served from the most westerly point. The
shells were directed pretty hotly at the British
artillery, which was on something of an emi-
nence. He was on his wheel, and for a short
time was between the fire of the Boer and the
British batteries. He had seen one of the
British field batteries come cantering into ac-
tion, and after the duel of the guns had been
in progress some time he saw a man disappear
from his horsc. This was a trumpeter, he af-
terwards learned, the top of whose skull was
blown off.

He could easily trace the shells until they
burst by their whistling, which he said was not
unlike the sound made when one whirls a bit
of lead fastened by a string to the end of a
stick. The shrapnel burst as a sky-rocket does
—first a dark blur, then a little white puff of
smoke. The reports came to his ears a few
seconds after he saw the explosions. He saw
a British field battery come tearing down a
steep hill to get a position nearer the Boer
guns. It was a fine sight.
wheel, and he and numbers of the town guard
who lined the roadside cheered and waved
their hats as the artillerymen went crashing
and jolting by. The men, some of whom had
lost their caps, were laughing and exultant and
shouted back. Shortly after this he met a
newspaper correspondent, who asked him to
act as his despatch bearer. He assented, and
this led him to ride forty miles in all that day
between the telegraph office in a tent in the
British camp and the journalist’s position,
which was a brick house facing Talana Hill.
On one of his trips Snaith got near the river.
While here he heard sounds, “pzz-t, pzz-t” on
the rocks about him. It did not occur to him

He got off his -

THE. ARGO.

immediately that they were bullets, for he
thought that he was out of range, as indeed he
was. The bullets were spent bullets, and the
wind was carrying them from the Boer lines
and upon an elevation of perhaps 2,000 feet. In
front of him were some Indian stretcher-bear-
ers. Suddenly he saw one of these men drop.
Another ran to him and picking him up pick-
a-back carried him back—a plucky thing to do
for a Hindoo. It was then that Snaith real-
ized that these were bullets that were making
the hissing noises he had heard. The stretcher
bearer had been hit upon the cheek and had
suffered an ugly hurt, which was instantly at-
tended to by some of the British medical offi-
cers near by. This was one of many incidents
that day. Among others, Snaith, who went
expressly to headquarters to get the British
password, and was told it was “Dundee,” be-
came so tired that he could not remember it.
He was trying to recollect what it was and was
running over the names of Scotch cities in his
mind, when he encountered a British sentry.
This man was as tired or more so than he, and
before he could utter a word murmured
“Dundee.”

Snaith left Dundee the day after General
Yule’s column evacuated the town. In fact he
was in the place when the Boers entered it.
One of the Boers who spoke English told him
to go to his room and consider himself a pris-
oner; that no harm would come to him, as the
Boers were civilized.- Instead of going to his
room he rode on his wheel from house to
house, pausing at each to sit on the veranda for
a time, to give the impression that he was a
captive. He slipped out of the town in this
way and went about three miles along the
course of a creek. Then he crossed the veldt
and struck the road. Eventually he caught up
with the retreating British troops between
Dundee and Ladysmith. He traveled all night
with them, but left them near Sunday's River.
He rode on with the front tire of his wheel
punctured. But he shifted his saddle back so
as to place his weight over the hind wheel as

nearly as he was able. Unfortunately, though.
THE ARGO. 89

he punctured the rear tire too, which made
riding after that anything but easy. He met
a man named Corfield, a member of the Pub-
lic Works Department and a veteran of the
Zulu war, who with a force of Kafirs was en-
gaged in making the road passable for the
heavy British guns. He left his bicycle behind
with Corfield. The latter promised that if he
could possibly get it through with the baggage
he would do so. It turned out afterward that
he had to abandon it. Snaith now had noth-
ing but the clothes he stood in, his compass,
and his Rand-McNally map.
TO BE CONTINUED.

 

A MOUNTAIN FIRE.

Did you ever see a fire in the woods? Not
a pleasant little camp fire, around which a
congenial party can sit, telling stories while
potatoes roast ;—but a real, raging and devas-
tating fire, that is turning acres of green
mountain-side into great patches of brown or
blackened ruin. Several such fires occurred
last summer among the Catskill mountains,
and one of them, which swept on its resistless
way for more than three days, was very near
to a little settlement of summer residents, who
felt themselves entirely too near such an un-
controllable force. The region boasts of a
fire marshall and deputies; but in the absence
of fire engines—and still more in the absence
of water, no State authorities could have much
control over so fierce a manifestation of one of
Nature’s powers. As is so often the case, this
‘fire started very simply. A farmer was driv-
ing up the road which leads through the
woods to the plateau on which the upper
farms of the mountain region are situated.
He threw away the end of a cigar which he
had been smoking. It fell among the dry
leaves and hay, at the roadside. The farmer
saw that a little fire started to burn, so he left
his horses, walked back to the spot, and by
stamping on the burning mass, extinguished
it, as he thought. He drove on, but the next
person who followed him reported “Quite a
little blaze, down the road aways.” By the

wh ae

‘

time a gang of men could be collected and
taken to the place, a roaring and very hot fire
was threatening to do great injury. Throw-
ing earth upon the blazing mass was useless,
from the double fact that in that stone-covered
and rocky region earth was very scarce, and
now the fire was too hot for any man to go
near enough to’ throw earth upon it. Water
was nowhere within reach, but even if there

‘had been plenty of water, it would have been

impossible to throw it on the fire without pow-
erful engines to help. For many hours men
stood by and saw the destruction go on, help-
lessly. The fire would apparently be going to
subside, and would gently smoulder along the
dry mosses and dead leaves lying on the
ground ;—then with a leap of triumph it would
suddenly appear at the foot of an evergreen
tree, and almost before one had time to notice
it, the flame could be seen, wrapping around
the tree, and rushing up to the top, converting
it into a huge and magnificent torch; rapidly
completing its destruction, and leaving only
the black stump ;—and then passing on to the
next victim. At times several of these flam-
ing torches would be burning at the same
time, presenting a Phalanx as unconquerable
as the wall of fire in the old story.

After keeping up this fearful work of de-
struction for three days and nights, the fire
reached a place where a large force of men
had prepared a barrier, by burning off all the
undergrowth, and otherwise taking away the
material permitting the flames to spread. In
consequence, the conflagration now became
controllable, and a few hours of rain which fol-
lowed, quickly put a stop to any further dan-
ger. It had been a great display of power,
but every one was much relieved that “the
show was over.”

As soon as the fire stopped, another great,
but very quiet, force stepped in, and Nature
began to cover the sad ruin with a mantle of
green. Ferns, shrubbery, and even flowers
sprang up everywhere; but the blackened
stumps will have to be in evidence for a long
time; testifying. to the violence of a great
mountain fire.

 
‘Lane was held.

THE ARGO.

4 “TO
E SPEAKING CONTEST.
e third annual speaking
ffered by Mr. Frank

THIRD LAN

On March 1st th
contest for the prize 0

All of the speeches were well eee vA
their delivery reflected credit on ie ie
speakers and their coach, Professor fs a nae
The judges, who were Drs. Kirk an ;

of Rutgers College, and F* re
Esq., were a long time in|
they had reached their decision,
chairman, announced that the fir
been awarded to R. E. DuBois, and the second
to J. G. Mason. The boys enlivened the time
while the judges were out by songs and school
yells. The programme was:

1. Roelif Eltinge Du Bois, “Devotion to
Duty.” D. N. Shelley. :

2. William Harris Benedict, Jr., “You Can-
not Counquer America.” Lord Chatham.

3. Arthtir Van Voorhees Schenck, “Touis-
saint L’Ouverture.” Wendell Phillips.

4. James Gilbert Mason, Jr., “Address on
Justin S. Morrill.” Senator Thurston.

5. J. Harvey Murphy, “America the Colos-
sus of the Nations.” Newton Booth.

6. James Clarence Benedict, “Defense of
Hofer, the Tyrolese Patriot.” Anon.

7. Carroll Badeau, “The Loss of the Arc-
tic.” Henry Ward. Beecher.

8. Louis Bevier, Jr., “The Hero of the Fur-
nace Room.” Toledo Blade.

deciding. When
Dr. Kirk, the
st prize had

Devorion to Duty.

Young men of America! You, on whom
rests the future of the republic! You, who are
to become not only our citizens but our law-
makers: Remember your responsibilities, and,
remembering, prepare for them,

As the great universe is order and harmony
only through the perfection of its laws, so in
life and human government, the happiness and
prosperity of a people depend on the orderly
subservience of act and thought to the good of
the whole.

Be great, therefore, in small things. If it is

eman Woodbridge,

your ambition to be a citizen reverenced for hi
virtues, remember that nothing is thege 2
mirable than devotion to duty, and the an
admirable as that duty leads to self-sacrifice
in others’ behalf. :

When Pompeii was exhumed, a fey Years
ago, after lying under the cinders of Vesuvius
about eighteen hundred years, the body of a
Roman soldier was discovered at the Hercul-
aneum gate of the city. He evidently had been
placed there as a sentinel—and there, amiq the
accumulated horrors of that August day, he
unflinchingly remained. He stood at his Post
while the earth rocked and shivered beneath
his feet. He stood at his post while the grim
old mountain towering above him was thun-
dering from base to summit. He stood at his
post while the air, surcharged with smoke and
ashes, was impenetrable to the sight, though
lit up with a lurid glare scarcely less than in-
fernal by the flames bursting and roaring all
around him. He stood at his post while the
men, women and children of the doomed city
were screaming with affright and agony as
they surged through its narrom streets in their
maddening efforts to pass the gates to the open
country. He stood at his post till enveloped in
the mantle of fiery death!

O hero of the dead city! Step out from
your ashen shroud and exalt us by the lesson
of your death. When the very earth rocked
beneath your feet, and the heavens seemed fall-
ing, you stood on guard,—a sentinel to the
gate that protected the city; and standing
there were entombed,—a sacrifice to duty.
Awful death, but oh, how sublime is the les-
son! Who would not honor such heroism?
Build there a mausoleum, for one greater than
princes and kings has hallowed that spot, and
humanity itself will worship there.

Emulate this heroism! In whatever posi-
tion of life you are placed, be true to the trust
reposed in you; then the republic is safe. Go
forth with a heart glowing, not with the fires
of a lordly ambition, to ride to power over op-
position, and against the wishes of your fellow-
men, but with the flame of an honest purpose
 

THE ARGO.

to be a good citizen and an ornament to the
State that gave you birth.
Then, indeed, shall you be great.

AppREss ON Justin S. Morrie.

Mr. President, dying as he lived, in the sim-
plicity of his faith, respected and beloved by
his countrymen, in the fulness of years, ripe
with honors, our comrade passed from us to
the great beyond.

Death is not always terrible or sad. Some-
times the broken-hearted mother, bending
down to catch the last faint breath from baby
lips, is glad to know that her child is safe from
the troubles, the struggles, and the pitfalls of
the coming years. Sometimes the husband, as
he sees the sudden glory of immortality come
into the dimming eyes of his beloved, is con-
soled to know that she has gone to those who
wait for her upon the other shore. Sometimes,
when heroes fall beneath the flag, while yet the
flush of glorious victory is on their brows, the
nation sings a requiem and the world applauds.
And always death is beautiful and kind to him
who has the harness on, who wears the wreath
of rounded efforts, and whose honors are se-
cure.

Justin S. Morrill served his country and his
God for almost four score years and ten.
Through all his life he bore a spotless shield.
As husband, father, citizen, and statesman, he
was a shining example to his fellow-men.

I know of no grander spectacle in the legis-
lative history of the world than that presented
by our colleague in his eighty-ninth year ris-
ing to his place in the Senate with a voice that
failed him not, and with the vigor of a master-
ful intellect unimpaired, addressing his coun-
trymen upon the momentous issues which have
absorbed our attention during the past eventful
year.

No other man in all the history of our coun-
try has so indelibly associated his name with
so much of its wisest and best legislation. His
was the guiding spirit which shaped the tariff
legislation of the United States for an entire
generation that marked -the most wonderful

91

growth, development, prosperity and progress
the world has ever seen. His ripened experi
ence and wise, conservative counsel, more than
that of any other man, directied the financial
policy of our country which has kept us on
the unshaken foundation of national honesty
and honor.

He was the friend and counselor of Lincoln;
the associate and peer of all the godlike who
stood with Lincoln in the dark hours of the na
tion’s peril. His heroism in time of public
danger was as great as those who led the ar-
mies of the Republic; his services as valuable
as those who won its battles; his work as pow-
erful for his country’s weal as that of any
whose name is written on the scroll of Ameri-
can fame.

He was born on the mountains; he grew up
in the presence of the eternal hills. He in-
herited the abiding faith, the rugged honesty,
the fervent patriotism, the sterling manhood of
ancestors who conquered the New England
wilderness, who toiled by day and prayed by
night, who helped to win American independ-
ence, and who put their faith in the civilization
of the town meeting, the schoolhouse, and the
church of God. All in all, I have no hesitation
in placing him among the truly great, among
those who have left lasting impressions for the
good of mankind.

It was his good fortune to be in the Con-
gress of the United States in the supreme cri-
sis of our national affairs. He saw the stars
go out of the flag; he helped to win them back.
He was of those who gave freedom to a race,
who made the flag of the Unin the flag of lib-
erty. He was of those who said with Grant,
“Let us have peace.” He was of those who
extended the hand of friendship and fellow-
ship to the brave men who yielded to the arbi-
trament of war. And, thank God, it was his
happiness to remain in the Congress of the
United States to welcome that glorious time of
absolute reconciliation and reunion that came
in all its fulness when the veterans and the
sons of veterans from North and South
marched gladly out under the one flag keeping

 
92

step to the mingled strains of Dixie and et
kee Doodle, carrying the salvation of a a
and powerful people to the downtrodden anc
ressed beyond the seas. %
ne President, in front of the State capitol
of Vermont there stands a godlike statue,
carved from the imperishable granite of her
green-clad hills. The strong right hard grasps
a sword that leaped from its scabbard for dar-
ing leadership in desperate times. And gazing
on the noble face one can almost hear the stern
lips demanding the immediate surrender of
old Ticonderoga “in the name of the great
Jehovah and the Continental Congress.” Side
by side with that heroic figure I would have
the dear old State that gave me birth place an-
other granite form, clad in no martial garb,
decked in no warlike trappings, with face up-
lifted and eyes serene, the outstretched hand
upon the Constitution of the United States.
There let them stand together, challenging for-
ever the admiration of mankind. Hero and
statesman, the best embodiment of liberty’s
achievements in war and peace—Ethan Allen
and Justin S. Morrill.

 

BASE BALL SCHEDULE FOR 1901.

April 27, N. Plainfield High School, at New
Brunswick.

May 4, Erasmus Hall, at New Brunswick.

May 8, Leals School, at New Brunswick.

May 11, Trenton Normal, at Trenton.

May 15, Pingry, at Elizabeth.

May 18, Plainfield: High School, at New
Brunswick.

May 25, Bordentown M. I., at New Bruns-
wick,

May 30, A. M., Leals School, at Plainfield.

May 30, p. M., Plainfield High School, at
Plainfield.

June 8, Morristown, at Morristown.

R. C. Burr, Manager.

 

“Cast your bread upon the waters,”
Said a student with a frown,

“Add a little salt and pepper,
Call it soup and gulp it down.”—Ex.

THE ARGO.

Me Mle Me Se SV Se SU Se SES See Mle SMe Mo %
’ THE ANNEX...
3 MAX NELSON, Eprtor. &

The pupils in the Annex who have had 100
in Spelling for the month of February are :—
Margaret Cook, Mary Gillespie, Myrtle Ten
Eyck, Elsie Gaub, Anna Scott, Evelyn Knox,
Arthur Welsh, Vivian Ross, Alan Campbell,
and Gretchen Smith.

 

 

 

THE STORY OF HERNANDO CORTEZ.

High on the table-land of Mexico there was
once a beautiful. city. It was built partly
around the shores of a lake, and partly on
islands within the lake.

The Aztecs, who were the people that lived
there at that time, were fond of building float-
ing gardens in the lake.

The lake was one of the most beautiful in
the world.

The name of the king was Montezuma.

When he looked from his palace and saw
the spires of temples and saw the lake, with
floating gardens in it, filling the air with frag-
rance and beauty, he thought that his was in-
deed a great and fair kingdom.

The Aztecs raised corn and cotton. They
worshiped the sun and moon, and most of all
the terrible god of war.

Now this city had been heard of across the
sea.

The Spaniad, as ever, eager for gold, re-
solved to make its wealth their own. So an
expedition was sent out, to conquer it from
Cuba. Hernado Cortez was made its leader.

So he set sail to conquer Mexico. He first
landed his troops at Tobasco, on the southern
coast of Mexico. He found the natives pre-
pared for war. But they. were soon glad to
fly from the Spaniards, leaving many of their
number killed.

Cortez conqueredl Mexico in the year 1512.

All the wealth of Mexico passed into the
hands of Spain.
THE ARGO. 93

Some of the Mexicans are descendants of

the Aztecs.
Spain had Mexico for 300 years,

W. Lambert Myers,
Fourth Grade.

 

A WAYSIDE INN,

Across the bare and brown meadow from
Sudburytown was a wayside inn. This inn
was built in Colonial times and was the oldest
house around. Inside was a huge fire-place,
made of tile, with a big fire in it. Every night
the men would gather around the fire-place,
and every one would have to tell a story. The
landlord’s story was about Paul Revere’s ride.
There was a Spanish student, a poet, a man
from Sicily, and a musician at the inn.

Across the road the barns displayed their
lines of stalls and mows of hay, and on the
sign in front of the tavern was the picture of
a red horse.

This inn was a quiet place, where no rail-
road trains passed, and the panting teams
stopped under the shady oaks to rest.

ArtHuR WELSH.
Fifth Grade.

 

 

SCHOOL NOTES.

On March 5, the Fourth Form met and
elected Mason as its president, by a large ma-
jority.

Water of Lethe on draught. Warranted
sure cure for any unpleasant faculty of re-

membering, Inquire of Fourth Form Classi-
cals, periods 1, 2 and 6, main room.

Basket-ball seems to have been forgotten.
It seems too bad to throw away such an excel-
lent chance to develop a team.

It is said that Verdi’s idea of the proper
drill uniform is somewhat peculiar. He told

a private that “All it is necessary to wear in
drill is a white collar!”

On March 6 McChesney was elected captain
of the ’03 base-ball team.

On March 8 the Fourth Form held an im-
portant business meeting. Du Bois was elected
vice president and Wilber secretary and treas-
urer. It was decided not to have a class day.
The following committees were chosen: Pro-
gramme—Pettit, DeHart and Bates. Pic-
ture—Bergen, Du Bois and Badeau.

EXCHANGES.

We have received the following exchanges
up to date: Targum, Pennsylvanian, Williams
Weekly, Triangle, Pennington Seminary Re-
view, Ten Broeck Observer, Signal, Pingry
Record, Westfield High School Herald, Holy-
oke High School Herald, M. H. Aerolith, Aca-
demic Era, Binghamton High School Pano-
rama, Red and White, Walking Leaf, Wind
Mill, Vidette, Mercury, Academy Review,
Philosophian Review, Aurora, Sibyl, Academy
Union, Lynn High School Gazette, Lincoln
High School News, Riverview Student, Vail-
Deane Budget, Cue, Sphinx, Alpha, Papyrus,
Sentinel, Ohio Normal Record, Red and Black,
Ballston Spa High School Phonograph, Berke-
ley Folio.

SQUEAKS.
Schenck (translating German)—‘“I stuck
my hand into the table.”

Prof. C. (in Rhetoric class)—“What is the
value of an exclamation?” Miss R.— ‘It
makes things lively.”

Vandevert (reading Silas Marner)—“The
men looked longingly at the graveyard.”

Bevier (translating German)—"“His wife
made things sour for him.”

De Mott (in Algebra)—“There is $2 too

 
94 THE ARGO.

much in my answer to this example.” Mettler
(misunderstanding him)—"I can change it for

”

you.

In order to prove the intellectual ability of
the classical Fourth Formers, the following
star translations have been recorded from
daily recitations: In Aeneid: “The victor
was filled with pride and his reward.” “A
horse beautifully embossed.” “The snake
wound itself in its own members.” “He
poured out the wine of his father.” “Why
does he deny to send my words into the hard
air?” “She piles up the herbs to the moon.”
“He pointed out his face.” “‘He led up his
right hand into the midst of the wood.”
“Aeneas slipped forward and shot past.”
“Aeneas placed the bgills in the tomb of his
friend.” “Pick out your footsteps with your
eyes.”

In the Odyssey class there is not so much
humor. This is a peculiar but a sad fact. How-
ever, we have some dashes of wit to record.
These are notable: “If Odysseus, springing
from a god, should come home.” ‘They sat
onthe oars.” “Watch up a tree.” “They took

up the place.”

We give these ingenious translations to show
our classical friends how Homer and Virgil
should be translated, and as a concusive proof
that the classicals of the Fourth Form need no
“horse” with which to ride through school
comfortably.

Mason (in drill)—“Take off your guns and
belts.”

Cooder (reading Silas Marner) — “Silas
Marner Sally
Oates.”

cursed, curried and cured

The following is an alleged definition by
Shakespeare of the four years of college life:
Freshman—"Comedy of Errors.”
Sophomore—As You Like It.”
Junior—*Much Ada About Nothing.”
Senior—“‘All’s Well That Ends Well.”

 

 

Small Boy (to old man sitting on the ice,
rubbing his head )—"Did-you fall?”

Old Man—' No, you little fool, I’m only sit-
ting down to rest.” —Ex.

 

“Where did Moses get his first suit of
clothes ?”
“At Jordan Marsh’s.”—E-.

 

English history puzzles me,
I never can see why,
After so many reigns,
It still should be so: dry.”—Ex.

Excitement is often the cause of strange
telegrams, as well as other queer manifesta-
tions. A man who had been one of the pas-
sengers on a shipwrecked vessel was rescued
almost by a miracle. On arrival at a place
from which he could send a telegraphic mes-
sage, he forwarded the following dispatch to
his brother :

“I am saved. Try to break it

gently to my wife.”"—E.r,

Milk Shakes

eee ATW.

 

 

Delicious

aaecannsanacaeauannugeanines

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,

Cor. George and Washington Sts.
T
HE ARGO. 95

McDEDE’S LIVERY, No. 25 et eee

MBDEDES HEAT LU GCAGHES a

EAS iN, y MEY, |
ape

  

Rubber Tired Cabs ia. ie Light Carriages.

M ANSION HOUSE, A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF: :: :

105-107 Albany eS Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

<n POE ORS

European and American Plan.

 

AT LOWEST PRICES.

 

 

 

 

 

L. D. MAS, - - Proprietor.
BANQUETS AND SUPPERS A SPECIALTY, WILLIAM | SEN G'S,
Louis Leitheiser, 48 Easton Ave.
THE
Popular Barber, AFull Line of Athletic Shoes.
393 George St. New Brunswick, N. J. REPAIRING NEATLY DONE,

 

HUGHES LAUNDRY, “ULTAM ROWLAND,

IMPORTER AND DEALER IN

80 CHURCH ST. CHINA, GLASS, LAMPS and FANCY GOODS.

Silver Plated Ware.
Prompt and Efficient. Special Rates for Students. N. Y. and Brooklyn Wall Papers.
R. W. HUGHES, Proprietor. No. 3 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J,
RUTGERS OREPARETORY OCHOOL,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

FOUNDED 1766.
PEEKS
INSTRUCTORS :

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greck.
WILLARD CONGER, A. M., Greek Master. ;
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. B., Science Master,
ROY OC. BURR, A. B., Latin. :
HERMAN 4H. WRIGHT, B. 8., Mathematics.
MISS ANNA L. HARDY, A. B., French and German.

>See

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS INA HELEN HURLBUT, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL, )
MISS MARY GREGG, j instructors,

EDWARD L. BARBOUR, B. 0., Elocution.

For particulars address
, LLIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

Nuw Brunswiox, N. J.

 
