Vol. 7, No, 3

‘ Y ore
Glee Club Will
‘
Present Concert
The Glee Club's Christmas concert
will be presented this year on Fri-
day, December 11, under the direc-
tion of Mrs. R. Bruce Brigden. The
program has been carefully planned
to include varied types of Christmas
music, such as: Come Hasten Ye
Shepherds, composed by Ehret,
which will be sung by the trio of
Janet Burke, Nancy Lee, and Rosa-
lind Breslow; O Come,, O come,
Emanuel, a solo by Lynne Greene;
New Country Carol, featuring Nancy
Lee as soloist; The Christmas Hymn,
with a quartet composed of Janet
Burke, Kirsten Kvam, Carol Coles,
and Bruce Miller; Shepherds Shake
Off Your Drowsy Sleep, with an-
other trio, this one made up of
Kirsten Kvam, Nancy Lee, and Ga-
brielle Gibbs. Other pieces included
in the program are A Merry Christ
mas, arranged by Arthur Warrell
(cont. on p. 3)

 

 

 

PARENTS, TEACHERS
DISCUSS PROBLEMS

The Parents’ Association of Rut-
gers Prep has just recently com-
pleted a series of conferences be-
tween the parents and the teachers
of children in the eighth, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and twelfth grades.
These meetings were held on con-
secutive evenings beginning Novem-
ber 16 in the Prep gymnasium and
were conducted by Dr. Heinlein.
The main purpose of these gather-
ings was to insure a better relation-
ship between parent and teacher
and to enable the parents to find
out exactly what sort of work their
child is doing, and what they can
do to help him. For approximately
twenty minutes, the teachers were
“put on the witness stand” and the
parents had the privilege of throw-
ing questions at them. Both the
teachers and the parents profited
greatly by these meetings.

> Che Argo

 

 

RU TG! RS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

December 9, 1959

 

M $$

CONGRATULATIONS!

The 1958-59 YE DIAL staff
was very proud to learn that
their effort has been recently
awarded a first-place rating in
the annual Columbia Scholastic
Press Association contest.

——

Vivien Harvey Gives Concert As A Benefit

For The Willem Rudolfs Memorial Library Fund

Abernethy

d move of the
the Elm Farm
has found it

by Barbara

With the
Upper School
Campus, the school
necessary to establish a fund for a
new library of its own, The late
Dr. Willem Rudolfs and Mrs. Ru-
dolfs, whose son was a graduate of
Prep, gave a contribution of $10,000
towards the establishment of this
library. This gift started the Willem
Rudolfs Jr. Library Fund, which the
Parent’s Association has augmented
by planning many different pro-

anticipa

 

grams. One of these programs was
a concert, sponsored by Mrs. George
Kellogg, and held in Voorhees Chap-
el on November 13. Miss Vivien
Harvey, a very well-known pianist,
graciously agreed to appear without
fee and played a number of com-
positions, including encores.
Variety of Pieces
The program consisted of a So-
nata in E, by Scarlatti; two Choral-
Preludes, by Bach-Busoni; and
Sonata Op. in A Major, by
Beethoven. an intermission,

101
After

 

Mr. Gaggini and Mrs. Sperduto Present Prize

 

Jitterbug Contest-

Winners, Nehlig and Rests

 

Two Contests Highlight Dance

The third social event of the
current year took place on Novem-
ber 28 at the Demarest Lounge on
the Rutgers University campus.
Chairman Bruce Miller, with as-
sistance from Betsey Kady, Ronnie
Smyth, Jim Smith, Sue Winter-
steiner, and several others, put a
great deal of effort into this “Har-
vest Moon” dance.

Highlights of the evening were
two dance contests. Steve Nehlig
and Dolores Resta won a_ record
album apiece in the first, which
was judged by Mr. Gaggini and
Mrs. Sperduto. Clark McKnight and

Cathy Hankins took the second
contest, an elimination affair which
capped the evening.

Arne Bey and The Little Scarlets
provided music for the evening,
with a phonograph providing music
every once in a while. Both faculty
and students welcomed back gradu-
ates from the past two years, in-
cluding Bruce Gunkle and Arthur
Feldman in their military school
uniforms, Danylo Struk, Jay Gold-
smith, Susanne Duschock, Florence
Schmidt, Bob Eber, Arnold Goldberg,
Mare Leavitt, Carmen Sabella, Boice
McCain, and Tom Chester.

Judge Reminisces On Days At Prep

This reporter recently

visited District
Judge George R. Morrison, a graduate of the class of

by Richard Patt

Court with Rutgers, he
Prep to become

answered, “It’s not a bad idea for
independent, but I think Rutzers

 

1910, and talked with him about Prep—past, present,
and future.

The school engaged in four sports then: football,
basketball, baseball, and track. The teams were an-
nually among the best in the state. There were three
social fraternities, and the Judge belonged to one
called the “Hungry Nine.” While he attended Prep it
was a co-ed institution, but in 1911 it became an all-
boys school. Boarding students slept in a dormitory
called the “Trap.” The boys often met at a pool
parlor on the corner of George and Washington
Streets.

When asked what he thought about the break

should have given us more than it did. In the begin-
ning, Prep helped to keep Rutgers going and to biuld
it up. For example, in 1917 a man named Ford
gave Rutgers a large block of land around where the
Rutgers Gym now stands . . . I don't think it was
fair for Rutgers to give Prep some money and break
all connections with it, since the University is so in-
debted to us.”

Concerning the new campus at the Elm Farm,
he stated, “I think it is a wonderful idea to move
to such a large, beautiful campus; however, I don't
like to see Prep lose possession of its present building,
which is filled with so much tradition.”

Miss Harvey played Liszt's Etude in

F Minor “Transcendental,” ‘Lento
Amabile,” by Shepherd; and “Gigue
Fantasque,” one of her own compo-

sitions. The program also included
two pieces from the Suite “Facade”
by Walton, a Swiss Yodelling Song
and Polka and Concert Arabesques;
and “By the Beautiful Blue Danube,”
by Strauss-Schultz-Evler. In addition
to these, Miss Harvey gave her in-
terpretation of “Greensleeves,” and
Scherzo in E Minor by Mendelssohn
as encores.

The two preludes by Bach-Busoni
were quite slow and stately, as
contrasted to the gay, light Swiss
Yodelling Song and Polka. The
version of the Blue Danube was
delightful. Its main theme, the
classical Blue Danube waltz, was
interpreted in a rather modern way,
which proved an interesting combi-
nation between a classic and mod-
ern style of music.

Pianist Known Internationally

Miss Harvey has given concerts in
Germany and Italy, as well as in
Carnegie Hall in New York City.
Praised by many critics for her
marvelous playing, she has been
called a “serious, forthright musi-
cian” by the New York Herald
Tribune. The New York Times ac-
claims her as “equipped to cope
with the most difficult pieces in
piano literature. Her interpretations
are finely polished.”

Miss Harvey was a student of the
Polish pianist, Severin Eisenberger,
and studied also at the Conservatory
of Music of Cincinnati, Ohio. She
is a very excellent piano teacher,
as well as concert performer.

;Handbook Revision

A committee comprised of mem-
bers of the Key Club and the Stu-
dent Council has completed the
revision of the Rutgers Prep Hand-
book. They have reworded the de-
scriptions of the various clubs, after
eliminating those which no longer
exist and replacing them with those
newly-organized.

Included among the many rules
of behavior are those concerning
fire-drill procedure, conduct in the
school library, and the rules for
conduct in and near the school
grounds.

A new addition to the handbook
is a section devoted to the physical
education program and _require-
ments. The various sports and phys-
ical opportunities for both boys and
girls are explained.

The Constitution, revised earlier
in the year by the same committee,
is also included.
Page 2
Editorially Speaking

Dance Group Serves Its

Before Spring elections of past years
offices have made all sorts of promises
these have been carefully fulfilled, othe
resulting from campaign platforms, that of t c ent E
Miller, seems to be the most successful in many ye

Last Spring, Bruce promised to better the school oc act
His first move was to organize a Dance Commitice d 1 os)
to the Council, to handle all preparations and ¢
affairs. This group seems to be fulfilling its purpe
ing the Council of much red tape and is drawing only ¢ I
are really interested in helping.

Bruce’s second move was to find sites other than our
tractive gymnasium for these functions. The Elm Farm p
location for one event, and use of a Rutgers Unive y bi 1
in making another quite praiseworthy, Now that the “Harvest Mc 1

Purpose

 

 

 

is over, the “Snowball” affair of December 18 is shapiny: up to be sim
larly successful. Keep up the good work!
* * *
The present Council firmly established this editor's confidence in
it when it approved a revision in the school constitution giving senior

the right to vote in the Spring elections.
value in many ways.

This measure will prove its

Seniors, Take Note!
It would be a fine idea for the Class of 1960 to present the school
with a gift of some kind this June. Action should be taken soon.

 

ARGO STAFF
Editor-in-chief: P. Wintersteiner
Editors: Gottlieb, Levine, Margolis, Resta, Shapiro
Assistant Editors: Abernethy, Kluft, Kramer, Wilson
Staff: Dorsen, Dunn, M. Hamelsky, Hendry, Holsten, Hutner, Kady,
Kellogg, Miller, Rabinowitz, Schatzman, Silverstein, Tomkinson, Torrey.
Faculty Advisor: Mrs. Margaret P. Wilson

Let's Stay Healthy OFFICE NEWS

by Richard Patt

A few years ago, John Kelly, fa-
ther of Princess Grace of Monaco,
brought before President Eisenhower
a report which revealed that chil-
dren in America were 49% weaker
than European children in tests of
muscular fitness. Since this discov-
ery was made in 1955, many things
have been done to improve this
terrible situation. Programs and or-
ganizations have been started to

 

 

 

Dr. Heinlein attended a meeting
at Atlantic City on November 27
in preparation for the visit to Prep
by representatives of the Middle
States Association of Colleges and
Secondary Schools (February 29 to
March 2). This group will take a
report drawn up by the Student
Council on student opinions about
the school, and, with this report
and its other findings, will make its
accreditation of the school.

The Argo

give young people a better chance
to take part in athletics. Many
states have increased the required
number of hours for participation
in physical education and have also
expanded their parks and other
recreational facilities.
* * *

Lack of exercise is most serious
for high school students. Inactivity
can produce many undesirable ef-
fects such as bad posture, under

Meeting at Elm Farm

Mr. Gaggini has arranged a meet-
ing on December 8, at the Elm
Farm, for the Modern Language
Group of the Teacher's Association
of Independent Schools in Northern
New Jersey. This will include a dis-
cussion on advanced placement ex-
aminations in French and on the
use of language recording tapes in
preparation for the oral comprehen-

or over-weight conditions, laziness,
sickness, or fatigue.

Having a strong, sound, and healthy body is so important to us that
we ought to try to improve ourselves in every way possible. We can do
this by eating three well-balanced meals a day and not dashing off to
school without breakfast; by walking, instead of riding, whenever pos-
sible; by getting sufficient sleep; and, of course, by exercising properly.

Last year a new physical education program was instituted at Prep.
Despite the lack of facilities, it has become an important part of our
curriculum. Attending gym will only satisfy our minimum physical re-
quirements, however, and we should all try to get as much exercise as
possible in our free time.

sive exams.

 

* * *

Let's get away from the front of the television set and a supply of

snacks. It is said that a body that doesn’t move droops, bulges, and

deteriorates. We sit enough during the day in the bus or car, in class,

and while doing homework. We need physical activity to produce better-
looking bodies with enough energy to get more fun out of life.

Rick’s Rambli

 

gs

December 9, 1959

The Odyssey of Evelyn Rudie

by Richard Kluft

 

 

   

 

 

 

  

 

finds himself out of work, he is

 

e average person i
» turn for help to any source other than the unemploy-
I iffice (in hopes of a new job), or the nearest bank (in
rr f a lucrative heist). If he is unusually raucous or de-
rative, he may write to the president. These, pure and
ire the normal methods of the unemployed.
“ x ago, however, a new e
“pnsune aveaue of attack Letter to the Editor
t iby what might be termed Dear Editor,
bless Joan of Arc. She went, ] think that something should be
sident’s wife. Gone about the practice of hanging
id Evelyn Rudie, signs which advertise dances in
pow addicts as the NOW other communities on the bulletin
{unc brought her cas€ poard.
Mrs. rhower. Unfortunately, Many of Prep’s students do not

r dramatic plan failed, so we are

old, because security officers, al-
ways cautious, suspected the di-
ninutive blond of carrying a time
bomb, The fantastic part about

Evelyn's attempt was that she ar-
rived in Washington, D.C. directly
from Hollywood, California. Her
ticket (on a jet, no less) was pur-
chased in a startling manner. She
mimicked her mother’s voice over
the telephone to reserve a ticket,
and then paid for it with the ag-
gregate loot from four freshly-
slaughtered piggy banks. That's in-
genuity!
* * *

Sarcastic newspapermen suggested
that the whole flight had been a
publicity stunt, at which accusation,
Evelyn smiled demurely and her
mother leered indignantly at the
reporters. She said that Evelyn, un-
employed for two years, asked her
mother how to get back in show
business. The parent considerately
replied, “Why don’t you take your
troubles to Washington?” Evelyn,
who had done some promotion work
for U.S. Savings Bonds with Mamie
Eisenhower, did just that.

 

Alumni News

‘59 Grad Unhappy

With College Life

by Susy Margolis

Alumni News, a new column for
the Argo, will deal with those
strange and faraway objects, Prep
graduates. Its purpose is to present
our former students to those now
at Prep in a way that will make
them less strange and less far-away.
To do this, we are publishing, in
each edition, news by and about
our alumni.

Hauling up the main sail on this,
our maiden voyage, is a letter from
last year’s Student Council presi-
dent, Danylo Struk, now a fresh-
man at Harvard. It is not an en-
couraging letter.

Prep Too Efficient

He writes: “The main quality of
the Prep school — the European
quality —was that it established a
strong foundation upon which the
graduate of the school could build
an education of any size and gran-

come from, and are not interested
in, the communities whose affairs
are posted. This, coupled with the
fact that Prep has had poor at-
tendances at some of its special
functions in the past year, shows
only one thing: that the students
are more interested in other com-
munities’ activities than in Prep’s.
If students cannot attend their own

functions, they should not be en-
couraged to attend those in other
communities.

Posters Are Unpopular

Besides taking up space which
could be used to advertise our own
affairs, the signs are generally un-
popular with the Prepsters, and
have been shown to be of little help
to the dance attendance.

I think, therefore, that the Stu-
dent Council should pass a measure
prohibiting the posting of these
disgraceful posters.

Indignantly yours,
Bardy Levavy, C.C.C.M.

nie

Don't forget the Glee Club’s an-
nual Christmas Concert this Friday
evening at the gym. Bring friends,
relatives, parents, neighbors! Start-
ing time is 8:00.

 

deur...It tried to be a Prometheus
and give each student fire — that
desire to learn, that craving for
knowledge, by providing him with
the necessary background for going
into the world and seeking wisdom
and acquiring knowledge of what-
ever field he might choose.
* * *

Harvard was not what I expect-
ed!...My school made me extreme-
ly hungry... Harvard was accustom-
ed to receive students who had spent
their secondary school years learn-
ing practically nothing, tasting only
synthetical foods, never partaking
of real, wholesome knowledge. Har-
vard, therefore, made the first year
a preparation for all the students:
an opportunity for them to see
examples of great works which I
had been seeing for four years
previously. My bitterness at the dis-
appointment I had received has
almost subsided, but it seems a
shame that I have to wait a whole
year, and maybe two, before I can
really begin my college studies.”

 
December 9, 1959

Traveling Teacher
Excites Interest in
Fields of Science

Did you see all the happy faces
on Prep science students during the
first week of November? Yes? Do
you know the reason? The reason
was no homework, because Mr. Matt
Kashuba, one of New Jersey's six-
teen traveling science teachers, vis-
ited Prep, He performed a variety
of experiments in our science classes
dealing with certain phases of sci-
ence, such as atomic structure, nu-
clear phenomena, rockets and satel-
lites, chemical genetics, biological
effects of radiation on growth and
population, and metabolism.

The biology clubs, after having
their interests stimulated, are con-
tinuing with one of the aspects of
science that Mr. Kashuba introduced.
This aspect concerns radiation. They
are subjecting fruit flies, leaves,

Glee Club
(cont, from p. 1)

Gesu Bambino by P. A. Yon, The
Shepherds Christmas Song, and two
selections from the Christmas Ora-
torio by Bach, How Shall I Fitly
Meet Thee, and Ah, Dearest Jesus.

There will be two complete selec-
tions done by solo voices; Nancy
Lee will sing What Child Is This
and Janet Burke's selection will be
Stars, Lead Us Forever. Betsey Kady
will again accompany the Glee Club
aud <he Elementary School Chorus
for the concert.

Chess Club Forms

The many chess fans at Prep
will now have a chance to display
their talents. The Chess Club, meeting
on Wednesdays, has been formed
under Mr. Paskin’s supervision. It
met with a good response, for twen-
ty-nine students signed up for mem-
bership at the first meeting.

To alleviate the time problem,
the players are using mimeographed
charts of a chessboard so that they
can mark the positions of their
pieces at the end of the period and
resume their game the followings
week. The members have already
elected officers. Mark Levine is pres-
ident, Marvin Cheiten, vice-presi-
dent, and Derick Procter, secretary.

The club hopes to form a chess
team from some of its members.
Such a team would compete in
tournament with other teams.

 

The Argo

and barley seeds to different types
of radiation to see what the effects
will be.

Mr. Kashuba livened up his lec-
tures with the use of homemade
implements such as the spectrascope,
which breaks up light into all the
different colors of the spectrum
Another experiment was one in which
he put ultraviolet light on phos-
phorescent chalk, which seemed
to turn different pastel colors.

Students Appreciate Lectures

All in all, Mr. Kashuba’s lectures
were very interesting. He was well-
received by the student body in the
upper school as well as at the Elm
Farm Campus, where he _ lectured
on the Monday of his week here.
After Mr. Kashuba’s departure, Prep
was a good deal quieter, for there
were no more explosions in the lab!

within the

and a request

the last report.

Colgate Director Discusses Plans

by Charles Levy

Today education and research march side
by side on our Elm Farm Campus. As Prep
students learn their lessons at the Elementary
School, at the other end of the campus, research
workers of the Colgate-Palmolive Company
are also searching for knowledge — knowledge
about the tissues of human skin and hair.

Dr. Joseph F. Migliarese, Head of Biologi-
cal Research Laboratories of the Colgate-
Palmolive Company, told this reporter in an
interview last week, “All of the workers at
Colgate consider themselves fortunate to be
able to share with Rutgers Prep the opportunity
to advance research and formal education.”

Dr. Migliarese, who is no stranger to_the
New Brunswick area, since he attended Rut-

The Council has had le
memory
preparations for the Harvest
by
especially those of the Varsit
or mystical as to need fur
The lone business of a
The most i
that it clarifies the seniors’ righ
for although many arguments
cause, it was alleged, they would be ea
tence was finally acknowledged by
in the constitution was cl
The other comments 1
pertaining to the Dance Committe
out of its growing pains, as was rea
and should, when it hits peak effici¢
and important contribution made to the sch

Page

by Bardy Levavy
t month t

s busir

of this repor

Moon

  

 

the pres

  
  
 

 

were raised

  
 

whi 1 i
Tl comn

 

 

gut he
itinued
the fiel

gers University, co to
through experiment
cology, enzymology, chen
biology, the employees in the
gaining detailed inforn M
pass on to the product-devel
These groups use this knowle
the products of the Colgate-I
A new type of experim 1as_ been
stituted in the Colgate laboratory. The
men are working with radioisotupe
the effects of certain chemicals on hair
skin tissues of animals. Dr. Migliarese
that through these experiments many new
coveries will be made which will
products beneficial to everyone.

 

 

 
 

ve C

 

STUDENT COUNCIL REPORT

 

3

 

 

then
Ups.
to improve
ympany.

in-

result

research-
to trace

 

in

   

>

Rally Helps Bolster Team Spirit

On Saturday evening, December 5,
the Rutgers Prep Varsity “R” Club
held a combination pep-rally and
record hop at the gym.

The highlights of the evening
came with the awarding of Varsity
soccer letters and a series of skits
and entertainment given by the
Varsity basketball players. Immedi-
ately afterwards, the cheerleaders
were on hand to teach all the stu-
dents new cheers and to try to
raise a little school spirit for the

on-coming basketball season.

The Varsity “R” Club has also
been trying to raise the school mo-
rale by selling “Rutgers Prep Boost-
er” pins and Rutgers Prep decals.
Due to Bardy Levavy'’s exhortive
promotion, almost all the Prepsters
bought pins and decals, which sold
for 35 cents apiece. According to
Bardy, these buttons and Prep
decals increase school spirit and
help the students to encourage the
team.

   
 
  

Elm Farm Campus

As the school year progresses, the
activities at the Elm Farm Campus
progress with it. Mrs. Kehoe’s fifth
grade class appeared in the play
“Allegro” at Douglass College. The
play ran from the 10th to the 14th
of November, and on the closing
night, the children appeared on
stage for a curtain call. Mrs. Wolf-
son’s fourth grade is also receiving
dramatic instruction from a Douglass
College instructor.

Gym Instruction Progressing

The seventh and eighth grade
basketball team, under the guidance
and instruction of Mr. O'Connell
and Mr. Dickinson, is awaiting its
first game. The team will play East
Brunswick on December 16th.

The sixth grade is studying Rome,
and some of the pupils have drawn
maps, and written special reports and
plays depicting life in early Rome.

On the gloomy side, Mrs. Dixon,
the seventh grade teacher, has been
stricken with viral pneumonia. Mrs.
Linwood Lee is the substitute. The
entire school wishes Mrs. Dixon a
speedy recovery. With the excep-
tion of this bad news, the lower
school has had an interesting month.

FLASH:

The freshman class elected Sue
Wintersteiner as class president
to replace Douglas Arbiter, who
recently left school. Dolores Resta
succeeds her as vice-president.

 

Building Needs Few Changes

The Colgate lab on the Elm Farm
Campus was built to satisfy the re-
quirements which the Prep School
will eventually have for it. It can be
turned into an ultra-modern high
school with a minimum of work.
No permanent walls will have to be
torn down. The building consists of
one main floor. On this floor there
will be an office, a number of class-
rooms, and an auditorium. The en-
tire building is air-conditioned for
the comfort of the workers there
now and for the comfort of future
students.

New Building, New Era

The Colgate people have no long-
range plans for the building which
they now occupy. They plan to move
out, upon the completion of a very
large center across the river. This
center will enable the Colgate-
Palmolive Company to house all of
its research groups and personnel
under one roof for the first time.
However, after Colgate moves to
these larger accomodations, educa-
tion and research will still echo in
the halls of this building, for the
Prep School will move its high
school students from the old, fa-
miliar building on the corner of
Somerset St. and College Avenue to
the new building and to the start
of a new era in its long history.

 

 
 

 

   

Page 4 The Argo December 9, 1959

IN THIS Attentiontt! J.V.'s Triumph

CORNER Coach Dickinson Announces __in Final Game
Plans For Basketball Team — Siviswn ‘tne i959 season The

by Paul Gottlieb

To enjoy high school basketball,
one should know the capabilities of
the various bal] clubs that his team
will face during the season. The
“Litule Scarlet’ will meet the “Gov-
ernors” of Hoffman High in the
first encounter. Hoffman has a fine
team with a number of returning
lettermen including Martin, the sec-
ond highest scorer in Middlesex
County in points-per-game last year.
The second game will be against
Peddie, one of whose players is a
“monster” of 67°. Then Prep will
face St. Mary's of South Amboy, a
team which has lost its best players,
including its shooting ace, Tex Leo-
nard. The final game before Christ-
mas recess will be against Piscata-
way High, playing its first Varsity
basketball season. Cullen, the center,
is 63” tall.

After vacation, the Prepsters will
face the “Owls” of Highland Park,
a fine, fast-breaking team. Donald
Bell and Jo-Jo Polecastro will lead
its attack. South River has five
returning lettermen and is expected
to be an excellent ball club, Ward-
law, resuming Varsity competition
after several vears of J.V. ball. has
Lang, a small, but wiry player.
Jamesburg High School will have a
fine squad, boasting such names as
Lewis, Yarros, and Cerequas on its

roster. Lawrenceville has a great
ball club (as usual), and Pingry
has all of last  season’s Varsity

starters returning, including its star,
Manly. Admiral Farragut has lost
eleven of the twelve players on last
year’s Varsity, but has a new boy
who signs in at 6'5”. Sayreville High
School has its tallest team in twelve
seasons, but that squad is said to
be slow. We know nothing of
Pennington Prep as yet, but we can
see that the “Little Scarlet” has its
work cut out for it.

 

 

 

 

Dec.
10 Hoffman HS. ........ Away
12: ‘Peddie: s2:5:.60% Sessa AWAY.
15 St. Mary’s H.S, ...... Home
16 Piscataway HS. ...... Home

Jan
8 Hoffman HS. ........ Home
12 Highland Park HS. ... Away
13 Piscataway H.S. ...... Away
15 South River HS, ..... Away
18 Wardlaw ........-.++. Away
19 Jamesburg HS. .. Away
29 St. Mary’s H.S. ....... Away

Feb
2 Jamesburg HS. Home
3 Lawrenceville . Away
5 Pingry eee Away
10 Admiral Farragut ....-. Away
11 Sayreville HS. ......- Home
13 Peddie .......++-++-++ Home
15 Pennington ......---> Home
19 Pingry ..-.eeeeeeeeeee Home
20 Admiral Farragut ..... Home
24 Wardlaw ....---- .... Home

Pre-season basketball practice is now in full swing and Coach Dickin-
son is getting the boys in shape for the opening game with Hoffman.
Without the aid of Bruce Gunkle and Art Feldman (two of the highest
scorers in Middlesex County), not to mention Mel Hamelsky, the team
will have only two starting lettermen returning, Jim Dunn and Ted

J.V. squad captured the only victory
of the by the
newly-organized East K
contingent

The Varsity eleven met Wardlaw
away and, despite determination and

defeatin

Bruns

season

  

 

 

  

Browne. Both of these boys have improved over the past year and look fight, the stronger h¢ defeated
as though they will be a tremendous asset to the squad. Jack McCormick, the Prepsters, 4-0. The Wardla
a junior, will also see a lot of action this year. The coach is planning attack was hampered by ffort.
to use "Mac" as the middleman on offense in order to take advantage of Richard Mulligan 1
of his rebounding ability. McCormick, who alternated
With the three starting positions Therefore, Coach Dickinson is look- The J.V. booters did
held by Dunn, Browne, and McCor- ing to his “big boys”, Alan Meyer, in the contest again
mick, there is a battle among the Clark McKnight, and Richard Sand- Jamesburg reserve
squad members for the other two or to fill the two vacant slots. If etrated Prep te y
forward positions under the boards. only one of these boys comes and the score 1 0
The team is at a slight disadvan- through to start at forward, Martin victory over Prep I i
tage because of its lack of height. Camins or Paul Gottlieb will be against East B V
selected to play the other side. offense ho t n
Coach Views Season's Prospects Derick Procte
Coach Dickinson is uncertain of mar If I
the team’s success this early in the game 1
season. He plans, however, to use Victory at Last!
strategy and new plays to outma- The J.V. victory over Bb Bruns-
neuver Prep’s opponents. The team wick on the second (in around

seems to have a few potential high
scorers and good ball handlers, and
the coach feels that if our “six
footers” can develop their rebound-
ing ability and the players improve
their shooting accuracy, the team
will be headed for victory.

resulted from the team
stride in the third period of play
Charles Levy, assisted by the right
inside, Peter Dorsen, made the lone
goal of the game.

Mr. O'Connell, announced that in-
tramural soccer has been postponed.

finding it

 

 

‘little Scarley’

 

Dlans First

Varsity Swimming Season

Swimming has been included in the winter sports program

“x 2 ) at Prep this year. The schedule has not been made up as yet,

Brownie and the Opposing Team in
a Recent Scrimmage. y
during January and February.
meets which will be scheduled
The team, which will probably
contain twelve boys, will be under
the direction of Dwight Hutchinson,
former Eastern Inter-Collegiate Div-
ing Champion from Rutgers Univer-
sity. Also assisting the team will be
Coach O'Connell.

Prep’s Grads of 1959 Participate

 

Support Your Basketball Team!!!

First Game To Be Played
Tomorrow Afternoon
At Hoffman High School

 

 

 

On Their Colleges’ Athletic Squads

Rutgers Prep’s class of ‘59 has made a fine impression on inter-
collegiate athletics.

Art Feldman and Mel Hamelsky have made the freshman bas-
ketball sauads at Norwich and Moravian, respectively. Art is extremely
quick and deceptive, and Mel is the all-around type of player who can
be counted on for a little of everything.

Steve Holsten and Danylo Struk have done just as well in soccer.
Both boys won starting positions on the freshman teams at Rutgers and
Harvard. Although their seasons at Prep were long and hard, they are
enjoying their new-found success and hope to improve themselves in
the future.

Bruce Gunkle, however, should give us at Prep the greatest feeling
of pride. Last year Bruce was an all-state man in soccer and basketball,
a rare feat for a Prepster, and he broke Middlesex County's individual
scoring record for one season in basketball. Bruce is now at Annapolis
where he first won recognition by shutting out the varsity baseball
team for six innings. He has also made the first-string freshman basket-
ball team. Unfortunately he is having a great deal of trouble with shin-
splints.

In any event, the best of luck to the athletes of the class of '59!

but the Prepsters will face the Pingry and Peddie varsity re-
serves and the Varsity squads of St. Benedicts and Pennington

There will probably be other
later on.

In order to have a_ successful
team, Prep must have boys that can
learn to swim the following events
with speed: fifty, one hundred, and
two hundred-yard freestyles; one
hundred-yard backstroke and one
hundred-yard breaststroke or but-
terflystroke. There must also be
someone who can do various dives
with accuracy, and the team must
be able to swim a freestyle and a
medley relay.

Bright prospects for the team in-
clude Jim Smith, Warren Marshall,
Roy Neimark, Ed Freedman, and
Greg De Vido, an eighth grader.
Austin Andersen is also cited as a‘
possible diver for the team.

In addition, there is also recrea-
tional swimming for girls on Tues-
day and for boys on Friday.
ee
INNOVATIONS:

The Sayreville Game Will Be
Played In The Prep Gym On Feb.
11, A THURSDAY NIGHT, A Thurs-
day Night Game Is An Oddity!

Contrary To The Practice In Pre-
vious Years, The State Basketball
Tournament Will Be Conducted On
An Invitation Basis, Depending Up-
on The Teams’ Season Records.

 
