THE ARGO.

Sarge
Vol. XTTT- May, 1902. No. 8.

>Saike

CONTENTS

  

Baitorials:. csiccsnewesvisige weanpedinewtouc Athletics

The Meat Trust Opposition ............ A Day’s Skating

R. C. P. S. vs. Morristown............. Athletics

R. C. P. S. vs. North Plainfield H. S

R. C. P. S. vs. North Plainfield H. S Foot-Ball

Ten Minutes at a Window ...............2. Calendar scsi sees ce sesices <
The Greatest Benefit of Prep. School Life.. 121 CoDwenye 3 ccd Seaiocaivess

   

School Journalism ... ............0000 vee 121

To Pr hat Latin i M Beneficial —
o Prove that Latin is a More Beneficial
Study than Algebra. ........0..cssesees 122 Squeaks... 000+...
Published Monthly by Rutgers ~ FF joarat School
ublishe onthly by Rutger: Cf paratory School,

New Brunswick, . |,

 
THE ARGO.
woungsg Men, T00KkK!

WHEN YOU WANT
TQ OF HVYERY DESCRIPTION
SHOES 3
GO TC

WILLIAM H. COOPER'S,

376 George Strect.
Base-Ball, Gymnasium, Reception, and auy kind of Shoes you

Give him a call and he will do you good.

PRICES LOW....-.--

may wish for.

 

 
  

   

= Printer «=...
: Bookbinder,

Dae ee Se ee et

e}, HEIDINGSFELD,

42 Albany Street, ye New Brunswick, N. J.

 

“BULL DOG”’
The Shoe of the Season.

$3 and $4
In Tan, Black and Patent Leather.
Harding & Mansfield’s
BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 Peace Sr. New Brunswick.

 

 

P.F. VounGe voRyY Goons Coe.

i cane STOCK OF Dress Goods and Silks ; Carpets, Mattings and Rugs.

, : :
In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings Linoleums and Oil Cloths.

,
,
LADIES’. MISSES* andj Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

Suits and Jackets, CHILDREN’S.
P. J. Young DrgGoods Co. 27 CHURCH STREET.

So os ote ots

‘

 
 

 

THE ARGO.

B.U.TAPKE

 

 

JTEwELER.

SUCCESSOR TO
TAPKEN & MILLER.

Cor. CHURCH AND NEILSON STS.

 

STHWART'S HABHRDASHERY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
Church Street, No. 29.

 

CAREFUL ATTENTION to the needs of our patrons in the line of

Stationery, Books,

Games,

Pictures, Etc.

is the foundation of our progress. We aim to please and think you'll find we succeed.

Ww. R. REED,

Bookseller and Stationer.

380 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

0. 0. STILLMAN,

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver.

Society Pins Made to urder.
45 Church St. 3: © *"*Wedding Invitations,
JACOB REED, >= 2%
, ALL KINDS OF
VERY A\ KR ) OID) Cnet
SX) OO 9 Liver Oil.
Fine Oysters a Specialty
Hiram Street, New Brunswick, N. J.
Good Clothes for young men who
ment, best styles.

Opp. City Scales. Tel. Call 94 a.
are used to correct
Prices always right, (Formerty FisuEn’s. )

NEVIUS & CO.
dress. Large assort-
‘| Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

S| wes Sees

CTL AIRC , rHorocnapHen

355 George St., -:- New Brunswick.

L. VOLKERT,
Merchant -:- Tailor,

359 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J,

JACOB WEBER,
MERCHANT TAILOR,

417 George Street,

 
Randolph Studio,

319 George Street.

Special Rates to Students
Telephone 46.

EVERYTHING THE BEST.
Pp. H. SUYDAM.
GROCER,

MONUMENT SQUARE.

 

GEO, E. COWLING,
SoDA WATER AND IcE CREAM,

CONFECTIONERY, STATIONERY.
QUICK LUNCH.

428 SOMERSET..STREET.

 

RNEST DEVER.

 

E. H. WIKOFY,

CATERER, CONFECTIONER,

FANCY CAKE BAKER.
109, 111, 113 Church Street.

 

WILLIAM GAUB,
Meats and Sausages,
Cor. Easton Ave. and Prosper St.

Telephone Call, 2114. New Bronswic, N. J.

THE ARGO.

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND
VAS tid 1 ¢
Séientifié School,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE OLASSICAL DEPARTMENT,
Leading to the Degree Of A-B.. Broad ant Thorough,

ya 4 and enlargement of the curricultfm, affords
and by a rer vollities for Elective Courses throughout he
Junior and Senior years, in Latin. Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History Political Science, Philosophy, Physics,
story, © Chemistry and Biology
s of Rutgers College have recently established
course of instruction, to be known as the Latin
rse, which will lead to the degree of Bachelor of

Rutgers

 

t B.)

» general regulations frecting admission by examina
oe rere ortinieate, as printed on pages 21 and 22 of the cat-
alogue of Rutgers College for 1900-1901, will apply to this ad
ditional course of instruction

‘THE SCIENTI FIC DEPARTMENT
Is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture
he Mechanic Arts.
onmuere wave full courses, each leading to the first degree tn
sclence.
A Course tn Agriculture.
2. A Course tn Clvil Engineering and Mechautes,
3. A Course Ip Chemtsiry.
4. A Course in Electricity.
5. A Course In Biology.
THE PLAN OF

Collese Extension
bas been enlarged. Additional courses of lectures Ip various
branches of science and literature are offered und will be given
throughout New Jersey, atsuch centres as may arrance with
the Sect e of the Extension Department, Prof. Louis Bevier,
Jr., Ph.D.

For catalogues or other information, address IRVING 8.
UPSON, Registrar.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D., LL.D., President.

~

 

A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF: :: :

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

~O.td4) PAS=

AT LOWEST PRICES.

 

 

WILLIAM J,

48 Easton

SENGS,

Ave.

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

REPAIRING NEATLY DONE.
 

 

THE

ARGO.

 

 

 

New Brunswick,

The Argo:

Published Monthly During the Schoot Year, by he

RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered In the Post Ofice as Second Class Matter.

Vou. XIII.

Printed by J. Heidingsfeld.

BOARD OF EDITORS:
J, HARVEY MURPHY, ‘02,
Editor-in-Chief.

 

LESLIE M. HAY, ‘02, Exchange Editor.

MISS BERTHA L. KUEHNLE, ‘02, Literary Editor.
WILLIAM H, BENEDICT, '02, |

NORBURY MURRAY, ‘02, (NewS Editors.

A, JOYCE KILMER, °03,
THOMAS D, WOODBRIDGE, "04,
JAMES SCOTT, ‘05,

MAX NELSGN, "06,

THEODORE R. VARICK, *02.
ARTHUR 8S, CARPENDER, “02,

)
on Editors.

‘ Business Managers.

 

 

 

Subscription price, | per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. C. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J.,and must be accom
panied with the name of the author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on on
side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni, are most cor-
dlally invited to contribute.

ee —————d

 

Tus is the last Arco that will appear
before our commencement number is  pub-
lished. That number will not appear until
after school closes, so if you desire the paper
you will oblige the business managers by
handing your names and addresses to them as
soon as possible. Do not neglect this, as you
will not receive your paper unless it is done.

 

 

Ariuoucu the pages of the Arco have here-
tofore been devoted almost exclusively to
home talent, or rather to undergraduate ef-
forts, still the work from the pen of an alum-
nus will always be gratifying to the editor,
and especially to the student body. When
news is received from any one who has previ-

N. J., May, 1902. No. 8.

ously been conneeted with the school, there is
a feeling of gratitude and good will which
proceeds from the hearts of our students, and
we rejoice to know that “school spirit,” which
always abounds in the hearts of R. Ga P:.'S.
men, still burns truly in the hearts of our
alumni.

 

Tue Arco is a trifle late this month, owing
to the competition for editorship on the staff.
The names of the successful candidates will
be found in another column.

 

Tue Arco wishes to congratulate those who
were successful in the competition. The
number of candidates quite exceeded our ex-
pectation, and we rejoice in the fact that such
interest was taken. As everyone could not be
successful, we desire to encourage those who
failed to renewed efforts, that they may have
success in the next trial. Tue Arco desires
to thank the committee which so kindly made
the decisions.

THE DELTA THETA DANCE.

Never before has Masonic Temple been the
scene of so delightful an affair as on Friday,
May 16th, when the Delta Theta Fraternity of
Rutgers Preparatory School gave its fifth
annual dance. Fortune seemed to favor the
committee in charge of the event, for all cir-
cumstances combined to make the evening’s
pleasure perfect. The night was cool enough
to render dancing not unpleasant, and suf-
ficiently warm for moonlight strolls between
the dances. The walls of the temple were
covered with banners, and the floor was pol-
ished till it reflected the forms of the dancers.
Mesdames Eliot R. Payson and Nicholas Wil-
liamson received the guests. Garlands orches-

 
118 a

tra was on hand, and Wikoff had charge of
the catering. All who were present express
their gratitude to the committee who had the
affair in charge.

The first two-step was played at
o'clock, and at about half-past eleven was the
No one felt ready to go home
when the last dance on the order was finished,
Not till after two
o'clock Saturday morning did the strains of
“Home, Sweet Home” tell that the most suc-
cessful dance ever given in Rutgers Prepara-
tory School was now only a pleasant memory.

The committee in charge consisted of
Messrs. T. Varick, R. Bazley, and T. Devan.

The patronesses were Mesdames Eliot R.
Payson, Austin Scott, Dowie D. Williamson,
Abram Vorhees, Elizabeth Woodbridge, Wil-
liam R. Duryee, Edwin E. Elberson, William
H. Kirk, Nicholas Williamson.

Among those present were the following:
Misses Atwater, Bevier, Corbin, Carpender,
Nelson, Nicholas, A. Conger, E. Fisher, E.
Kitchenmeister, Kuehnle, Green, McLaury,
Price, Rust, H. Rust, Scott, Silleocks, Suy-
dam, Vandivert, Vliet, H. Deshler, Wallack,
Howell, Williamson, Cooke Mitchell, Martin,
Smith, Pittman, H. Sillcocks.

Messrs. Little, Wycoffff, Pettit, B. Wooid-
bridge, Nuttman, Aawater, W. Vandivert,
Bardwell, Hough, C. Corbin, Ford, Hay, H.
Lang, F. Conger, Miller, Mittag, Taverner,
Verdi, Van Vechten, Burr, Ferguson, Wilson,
Wright, Evans, Kilmer, A. Carpender, J.
Bergen, Edgar, G. Lang, Murphy, Green,
Watson, Devan, Mettler, Mason, H. Badeau,
N. Benedict, Atwater, Brown, S. Devan,
Davidson, McChesney, Varick, McKibher,
Bazley, Murray, Badeau, Rust, W. Benedict,
D. Woodbridge and others. 5

nine
supper dance.

so extras were played.

 

THE MEAT TRUST OPPOSITION.

It seems to be the thing to eat less meat in
order to show the Beef Trust one effect of
putting up prices. The Prep. boys are doing
their part of the good work.

THE ARGO.

[or instance, Jack eats only Farrar—
naceous food. ;
Green and Verdi, appropriately to their

names, eat Green stuff, the latter adding Mint

sauce.
Murphy

of course.
Hay and Herb—ert have ve,

at which they recite Scripture.
quotes : “All flesh is as grass”; and the latter:
“Better is a dinner of Herbs,” &c.

Fried sole is Fisher’s diet. He is the sole
sea-food eater we have. -

Cole, after searching a German dictionaary,
chose Cabbage.

Lang consumes ce

is devoted to potatoes, Murphies,

getarian repasts,
The former

reals, of which a certain
proportion, or ratio, is the “H. O.” brand of
oatmeal; a H. O. ratio, as it were.

Joe is Jocose and eats Glucose on his. One
of these brothers before leaving at vacation
sent out his cards with P. P. C. written on the
corner, These initials stand for “pour pren-
dre Conger,” as everyone knows who knows
Lang and the French Lang—uage.

Miller has a wide selection of ground cereals
to enjoy after the schoolday grind.

Our Kentucky boy masticates Sparrow
Grass. He puts on blue glasses and calls it
“bluegrass.” Heath joins him. Both choose
it for sentimental reasons, for each is re-
minded of his native Heath. Heath will go as
a missionary to the Heath—en later on.

Skeet does not change his diet. He is brac-
ing up to fight the mos—skeet—oes, which
make him “so tired.”

Our worthy Head—Master encourages
every good work, and is said to set the Pace—
on this meritorious effort of the Prep. boys.

The Athletes do not belong to the “Beef
Trust.” Tickets to the next “Meet” will be
the same price as usual.

These suggestions of how to overcome the
Mat Tea were writen by prs
his name John Smith, at ies see 2 —
Smith’s conti batte sebon a et
from him again n, and we hope to hear

—[Eb.

 
~~ 119

THE ARGO.

R. C.P. S., 10; MORRISTOWN, 8.

On Saturday, April 26, the R. C. P. S. base
ball team played its first home game at Neil-
son Field and defeated a team representing
School. A wind
made the day very disagreeable to both players

Morristown very strong
and spectators, and was the cause of many of
the errors which were made by both teams.
Hay pitched good ball until the ninth inning,
when he weakened and allowed Morristown
to score four runs. The final score was lo
to 8.

The Prep. School team showed weakness in
the field, at the bat, and unsteadiness and poor
judgment when on bases.

THE SCORE.

 

 
 
 

  
 
 

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 

R. C. P. 8. AB. R. 1B. S.H. P.O. A. E
Mittag, 3b........ 5 0 1 1 Dr coiegnd
Cole, 2b...... ior Se A 1 0 tT 0 at
Green, 1b....... 4 3 2 1 5 0 2
Van Vechten, c... 4 1 1 0 16 1 2
HAy.: D. actecoedn.:s 4:0 0 0 © 8 0
Bazley, 8s. . 3 1 1 0 1 0 3
Devan, If... 3 0 0 1 di 0 0
Herbert, cf. 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
McKibben... 0 0 0 vt 0 Os, 0
Matzke........+-- 3 1 0 . O.fs0:. 80

TOtAl saccsens 8 10 7 +8 2% 5 8

MorrisTow AB BR 18. 8 2.0. A. “EB
Behr, 1b, c. 4 2 3 Oo 12 0 0
Wattles. p.. 7.10 2 0 0 1 4 0
Kirkpatrick, c.... 5 2 1 0 8 1 +72

. 5 0 0 2 3 4 2

. 4 0 0 0 1 2 0

Anderson, cf..... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

Church, If.. 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

Knapp, lf . . 2° 0 . ORO Re0ae Oe 2

Sturges, rf. 4ns'S 1 1 0 1 0 0

Clapp, 2b. 23.5... 3 1 Om Ose OF oe 1

Totalacscs': 37 8 5 2 124 14 7
SCORE BY INNINGS.

123 45 67 8 9 RH. E.

R.C.P.8....2 20010418 10 7 8

Morristown... 300010004 85 7

 

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL, 7; NORTH
PLAINFIELD HIGH SCHOOL, 1.

On Saturday morning, May 3rd, the Rut-
gers Prep. base ball team met and defeated a
nine from the North Plainfield High School.
The final score was seven to one in favor of
R. P.S. Neilson Field was soggy and muddy,
and the air was damp and raw, but that did
not prevent a very interesting game from
being played. The R. P. S. men did some ex-

cellent batting, not one of them being struck
out in the entire game. Hay pitched in his
usual fine manner, striking out eleven men.
Mr. Duggan, of Rutgers College, umpired.
The game started as a quarter past eleven, and
ended in the seventh inning.

Plainfield High had the bat first, and for

two innings neither side scored. In the third,

-the visitors braced up, and got one run by hard

playing. Then the home team determined to
even things up, and Cole came in on Bazely’s
In the fourth inning the Plain-
Green sent

one bagger.
fielders failed to raise their score.
a ball out to the field and brought Herbert in,
but was put out himself. Then a hot grounder
through centrefield from Van Vechten
brought Matske and Cole across the plate.
Never again did the North Plainfield men
make the circuit after the third inning. In the
fifth, Devan got first base on balls, stole second
and third, and came home just as Matske was
put out at first. In the sixth inning, Green
came home on Van Vechten’s one base hit,
and Van Vechten came in on Bazely’s two-
bagger. The score in the seventh inning,
when the game closed, was R. C. P. S., 7; N.
P..Hly T

  
  

  
  
  
  
 
  

 

 

THE SCORE.

R.C.P. 8. A.B. R. 1B: S.H. P.O. A EL
Mittag, 3b. 40 0 0 0 0 0
Cole, 2b... B81 0 OF cot
Green, 1b..... 41 3 0 6 0 0
Van Vechten, c.. 21 1 0°13 #0 0
Hays po. Seine 400 wl? Qu PL. 8 eto
Bazley, ss 4.0 ot 0.-0 22.23
Devan, If 8 0:0 F OO
Herbert, cf.. 1 1 40) 0%, Oswor J
Matzke........ 21 01 0 0 0

a7 7 1a 7

NYP. +H: 8. A.B. R. 1B
Woodland, 3b.. 30 0 0 8 OO
Conover, 88... . 38.0 0 0 0 2 «0
Overter, 2b. 8 0 0 40 1 2 230
Ovens, c... 3 0-0 0 8 0 0
Stevens, p.. BANOO 0 “Yt v4
Emmons, If. 8-0).0'50 3 0,0
Powers, cf... 211.70 40 0 0
Hegeman, rf. 10:60 . "OM 1.530 ;
Humble, rf .. 00 0 0 0 0 °
Meyersmith, 1b...... 2*s0r 0% 0,27" - "0 g

8 10 018 8 3

Score byinnings...1 238 45 67R A
BGP Baus, 00 t Bow uae s
N. P.H.S........ -09 01000 ne é i

 

 
120

ROG.P;. Ss 11 pNP AS, 7:

The Prep School nine followed up its vic-
tory of May 3 over the North Plainfield High
School by beating them by a score of I1 to 7,
on Saturday, May 10. It was an ideal day, a
rough field, magnificent prospects, but a
sleepy game—for the Preps, Mittag could
not run, owing to a sprained ankle, but Bazely
did excellent work for him, stealing a couple
of bases.

Cole started the ball rolling by making a
two-bagger. sy skillful running, he and
Green each made a run, scoring the first two
runs of the game. The opponents found our
pitcher by making two hits and scoring a run.
The pretty throw of Van Vechten to third put
one man out, while Devan at left caught a
pretty fly, retiring the second, while Hay
struck one man out. So the first inning ended.
It was a drowsy game to the third inning,
when Green knocked a liner over centre’s
head, making a three-bagger. In this inning
there were three hits made by the Preps., while
the opponents made one hit and two men
struck out. By the end of the fifth inning the
score stood 8 to 2 in the Preps.’ favor.

So it went till the eighth, when McKibben
made his debut in Plainfield by getting hit,
thus making his base. Four hits quickly fol-
lowed and two runs made. The opponents
had made but four hits:during the game up to
this time.

In the ninth inning the complexness of the
game reached the limit, when the “muckers”
swarmed almost on the field, getting in the
way of batter and pitcher. In one, two, three
order the Preps. were retired, having made
eleven runs up to this point.

Hay was not in his usual good form, and
in this inning the opponents found him for
five hits. By a couple of careless throws four
men scored, making a total of seven runs; but
by a pretty catch by Hay and a strike out and
an assist of McKibben to first the side was re-
tired. The score, 11 to 7, in the Preps. favor.

THE ARGO.

During the game the Prep. School made 12

hits, while Plainfield made 10.

Score by innings 1 2°3.4°5 67 8! 9'°R HR,

R O.P.S...... 20 8 12.0 0 8 0-11 127

Ne P. BeBe. 11 00010 0 4— 7104
oie ee

The following essays are the successful ones

in Tue Arco competition :
The list of subjects, authors and non-de-

plumes follow: ;
“Ten Minutes at a Window,” Miss M. Gil-

lespie, Fedde Lumkes.

“The Greatest Benefit of a Preparatory
School Life,” Sagittarius, Joyce Kilmer.

“School Journalism,” Francis. H. Green,
Farrar.

“To Prove that Latin is a More Beneficial
Study than Algebra,” Wilhelmina, Miss Mar-
garet Scott.

“Athletics,” Nero, McChesney.

“A Day’s Skating,” Leslie H. Gray, M.
Cook.

“Athletics,” Robin, Kullmar.

“Foot-Ball,” John Jefferson, Badeau.

 

TEN MINUTES AT A WINDOW.

Two girls were studying at a window open-
ing on a noisy and not very beautiful street.
One had a Latin, the other an English book.
In the other room a German class was reciting,
and on the street a wood-vender ‘was calling
his melodious but not very intelligible “Peeng
—peeng.””

“Ich bin ein armes, krankes Tier,” floated in
from the other room. “That poor animal
might echo those words if she could speak,”
said the younger girl, as a half-starved, bob-
tailed cat scurried across the road.

“Quando meliorem virum videbis?” said her
companion, staring fixedly at a very happy
dirty Italian across the street, .

“Birds in their little nests agree’—ad-
verbial phrase—regular, _intransitive—how
those sparrows do fight over in that nest
look at them. There, one of them has sched
the other so that he has flown off ‘Bird
their little nests agree’—subject is Beda

 

Pe
eras

THE: ARGO,

“Habe Mitleid mit mir" —“fuit silentum”—
It is strange how little
small boy, a negro, loo
ing up atthe window

people know"—A
ked and kept on look-
ng when he saw two gi
sitting there talking. How he wondered .
the teacher did not make them either study or
fold their hands and. sit still. ¢
always did that.

When he got to the corner he thought he
had better turn around, and was taking a last
lingering look to see-if something would not
happen to'those bad girls, when he found him-
self seized from behind, and with a howl ex-
pressive of much! terroru and more rage, he
turned to find himself in: the grip of a large
black dog. The boy’s face was a sight to see;
his white teeth flashed, seeming all the whiter
on account of the extreme blackness of his
skin; his hair would have stood on end if it
had not been so kinky, and his eyes rolled this
way and that in a frantic attempt to get a look
at the dog.

He stood still for two or three seconds,
then, at another tug from the dog, made a
desperate attempt to turn on him, but suc-
succeeded only in facing the other way; the
dog was still behind him.. He tried it again
and again, but finding this failed, he set. off
running as best he could with the dog behind
him trying to pull him back. The boy yelled
with a voice that sounded as though the tears
were not far off, but the girls burst out laugh-
ing. As they did so Miss Blank, one of. the
teachers, came and ordered them into the
other room. The last they saw of the boy and
the dog, both were still running, the dog: en-
joying himself immensely.

His teacher

 

THE GREATEST BENEFIT OF PRE-
PARATORY SCHOOL LIFE.

It is the evening of Commencement day at
Rutgers Preparatory School. The last speech
has been made, the last prize awarded, the last
diploma given. It seems as though weeks
have passed since the graduates, proud and
happy in their newly gained liberty, left the
Chapelto. receive the congratulations. of their

rae a 121

friends. And yet, only a few hours ago they
were under the strict watch and tender care of
the Preparatory School. Now they are free!
Whether they attend college or go at once into
business, they will find that they must form
their own rules of conduct.. And in doing
this their chief guide must be the wisdom
learned at school.

What is this wisdom? So much of the Sci-
ences, so much of the Arts, is that all? No;
needful as these are, the learning of most bene-
fit to the students in after life is the knowledge
of how to govern themselves. For this power
is the base of courtesy, industry, courage, and
all other virtues. Without it, success is im-
possible in any path of life. It is an essential
part in the education of all men, that they
learn to place duty above pleasure.

And it is at their preparatory schools that
men obtain this self command. It is taught
in every branch of school activity. The
natural inclinations of our cadets do not cause
them to enjoy severe military discipline. Not
because they have no other pleasures do our
athletes spend so much time in hard practice.
Nor is it any dislike for out-door life that
makes Tue Arco editors, when all nature is
radiant, stay: inia hot, close room, preparing
material for the next issue. Only by complete
self-control do students do these things, and
by. the discipline of these very things is self-
control increased.

Therefore, as the alumni of Rutgers Prep.
think over the lessons they have learned
within her ‘walls, let them not forget that di-
vine talisman, that irresistable weapon, that
invulnerable: armor,’ self-control, the acquiring
of which is by far the greatest benefit of Pre-
paratory School life.

 

SCHOOL JOURNALISM.

Of the origin of School Journalism very
little is known. Journalism in its first stages
in schools was probably the simple posting of
events on a bulletin board. In a lengthy-ac-
count of newspapers in’ general, mention is
made of a ‘publication in Oxford. University

 
~SeS

122 THE ARGO.

about 1688. But to give an authentic account
of the first real school paper would almost be
impossible.

No school can amount to much in the sense
of expansion, or is indeed complete without a
good means through which the public may see
the good done; a school paper is a strong and
magnificent pillar in the school’s structure;
therefore, no school is complete without a
school journal. A good and pure school paper
is as good a means as anything whereby a
youth may be inspired to higher and nobler
things—physically and mentally. What con-
test—either of the brain or body—in which the
results are published does not inspire every
youth to participate?

A Frenchman once said, “Suffer yourself to
be blamed, imprisoned, condemned; suffer
yourself even to be hanged; but publish your
opinions.” The newspaper world is full of
men who risk daily their lives by their honest
and frank opinions.

3ut to bring my theme to a more familiar
plain, I would speak of THe Arco, a monthly
paper published by the worthy editors in the
Rutgers College Preparatory School, of New
Brunswick, N. J.

The editor of this wholesome and enterpris-
ing journal has been criticized on many sides
for many reasons, but has the paper degener-
ated, or has partiality been shown, or has the
high standard been lowered? No. The paper
has been conducted in a_ straight-forward
manner, and is still being carried on in the
same manner. Great credit is due the editor
and his assistants.

Now, an ideal school paper such as our own
has a serious as well as a humorous side.
Under what could be called serious comes the
editorials and various notices. —_ Jokes,
“squeeks” and personals constitute the humor-
ous part of the paper.

Criticisms have been made concerning the
cover of our paper. To those I would say
that “It is not what one looks, but what he is,”
and that many good and learned men go about
in rags. “All is not gold that glistens,” and

the papers with the gaudy covers often have

poor insides.
Tue Arco has almost completed a year's

The story is old, but improves with the
With the closing of this successful
ratulate the workers and

story.
telling.
year’s work we cong
look forward to the coming year.
Long live Tue Arco! Let it improve as the
years roll by, and may everlasting praise and
honor be given to its editors.
————

TO PROVE THAT LATIN IS A MORE
BENEFICIAL STUDY THAN
ALGEBRA.

Any study which has more advantages than

another is, of course, more beneficial.

‘There are many ways in which Latin may
be used. One of the greatest benefits of the
study of Latin is that it helps a great deal in
learning from what source English words are
derived, About one-half of the words of our
language is taken from the Latin. Also in
other languages there are words like the Latin.
After knowing slightly about Latin it is more
easy to learn French, Italian, or Spanish. The
study teaches care and accuracy, but in this
one respect Algebra excels Latin. Algebra re-
quires accuracy in the minutest degree.

In the writings of Romans, especially of
Horace, there are a great many truths and
maxims which are quoted by modern writers.
Thus by reading the ideas of Horace one may
become familiar with these passages.

3ut these are not all of the good effects pro-
ceeding from the study of Latin. Another im-
portant thing is the acquaintance with ancient
history obtained by reading and _ translating
the works of Latin historians. Old customs,
too, and beliefs about the gods and the feasts
and games held in honor of them may be
learned.

The purity, clearness and smoothness of the
language is shown in the flowing orations
uttered by Cicero and Hortentius, the rival
orators at the close of the republic.

There is, however, one good quality in Alge-
bra which Latin does not possess, practical

 

 
 

 

THE ARGO.

utility. A great deal of figuring and calcu-
lating is ‘Necessary to be done by Algebra.
Without it a great many mistakes might be
made by using the longer and more compli-
cated method of arithmetic. Scientific experi-
ments must be treated by Algebra. It is a
very important thing to know something about
Algebra as well as other branches of mathe-
matics. On the other hand one might go all
his life without having any knowledge what-
ever of Latin. But by this it is not meant that
this would be thebest thing to do. On the con-
trary 1 think it would be better to have a
general knowledge of Algebra and to read
in Latin some of the fine writings of the
ancient Latin philosophers, historians and
poets.

For by reading the works of Virgil, Livy,
Ovid and others one comes in contact with
some of the best literature of the world. One
is able to note with a keener and more intelli-
gent mind the things that are beautiful.
Altogether it cultivates a more refined taste
and gives one a broader view of the history,
customs and literature of the ancients.

Therefore, I think that Latin is more bene-
ficial to the student than Algebra.

 

ATHLETICS.

It is universally granted now that athletics
are essential for the welfare and success of all
schools. Ly athletics | mean not only foot-
ball and other games which are usually played
at schools, but also any exercise that is bene-
ficial both to the mind and body. All first-
class schools to-day furnish means for devel-
oping, not only the minds of their students,
but their physical natures as well.

But athletics do not only afford exercise to
the muscles and benefit the physique; they do
more than this. They give a beneficial recre-
ation and afford the student an opportunity to
show his loyalty to his school. They also cre-
ate and promote school-spirit and good-fellow-
ship.

Strength, courage and endurance are three

123

requirements for success in athletics. Any
success achieved without these is more apt to
be a matter of chance than a reward for con-
scientious work and effort. But a firm deter-
mination to attain the desired goal by honest
effort is quite sure to bring success.

Success depends in a large degree upon each
individual choosing the exercise that is most
congenial to his temperament. To a student
of a quiet turn of mind a game of foot-ball
would have but little fascination, while on the
other hand a student vigorous and full of life
would take but little pleasure in a more gentle
recreation. In athletics, therefore, if a boy
would obtain the best results, he should follow
his own inclination. But no matter what his
bent may be, let him do whatever he sets out
to do with all his might and main.

Much should be said and done for the en-
couragement of athletics. But it is not to be
desired that a boy should become so interested
in’ atletics that he forgets the main purpose
for which he goes to college, and that he
should go there with no higher ideals than
those of an amateur athlete.

Although the student who uses all his ener-
gies to obtain high marks in his lessons can
have no enthusiasm for out-door life, yet on
the other hand, the one who devotes the most
of his time to play can have none of the true
spirit of scholarship. Under the muscles there
should be a well developed mind and a life
purpose. It is necessary, then, that athletics ‘
should have encouragement and guidance.

One of the questions that one might ask is:
What will such work secure? President
Roosevelt is an excellent example of the
splendid results obtained from vigorous exer-
cise. Although he was, as a boy a decided
weakling, his love for out-door life induced
him to take daily exercise—which he always
did with a vim—and the outcome has been
that he has developed a physique far above the
average. Schools that are for the best devel-
opment and preparation of true men must fur-
nish means for the maintenance and develop-
ment of athletics.

 
124

A DAY'S SKATING.

We had had a very cold night after several
days of continued cold, and the river was
frozen as smooth as glass, so Uucle Reuben
said he would take us for an all day’s skating
over on the Singaivesset river.

We started at half-past nine on a clear
winter morning. Our road wound through
the pine woods, and the gigantic trees on
either side moaned softly under their weight
of snow and ice. The snow on the road was
packed hard and squeaked shrilly under the
runners asiwe sped on.

After about half an hour's ride we came in
sight of the river, on which a solitary skater
was passing rapidly along.

We stumbled out of the sleigh, our knees
stiff and our feet numb with the cold. We ran
up and down a minute or two and then went
over to the bank, skates clashing merrily.
Soon we were far out on the river gliding
smoothly over the firm, black ice. ‘There was
no wind and there were but few rough places
in the ice, so.we moved very swiftly. The ex-
ercise sent the blood racing through our veins,
and ina few moments we were far down the
river. Later, when: it was nearly noon, we
heard Uncle Reuben whistling for us. As we
turned a slight breeze sprang up. The pines
swayed and sighed; the dried grasses along
the river rustled as the wind passed through

_ them, and a few dead oak and beech leaves
floated down to the ice.

When we reached the place where we were
to have our luncheon Uncle Reuben already
had the fire blazing and set us to gathering
sticks to keep it'up. After about a quarter of
an hour we sat down to a delicious luncheon
of sausages and_ potatoes, roasted in the fire,
ham sandwiches, hard boiled eggs, and dough-
nuts, which we had brought from home.

Then we started out for Singawisset, a little
town eight or ten miles down the river. The
wind was in our faces, but that did not hinder
our skating much. We met parties of people,
who called out, “Hello Marley,” the name of
the town from which we came. After an

THE ARGO.

hour's skating we reached the outskirts of
Singawisset, but our journey was not over yet,
for no one could say they had skated to Singa-
wisset unless they had touched the bridge, a
little less than a mile farther on. We did so,
and after resting for five minutes, turned
about for home.

The wind was now at our backs and it was
growing much colder. Far up the river we
heard the deep boom of the cracking ice, but
as we neared home this grew less frequent.
As we turned the last corner the report of the
sunset gun rang but loud and deep from the
fort at the river's mouth. The sky in the west
was crimson, with little gold-lined clouds
floating over it. It was reflected in its full
glory in the clear, glass-like surface of the ice
beneath it, until we seemed to be skating
between heaven and earth.

We looked at its wonderful beauty in silence
and then walked quietly over to the sleigh.
We turned once again to look at ia and then
climbed into the sleigh declaring that we had
never spent such a delightful day before.

 

ATHLETICS.

Athletics should play an important part in
the life of every student. Feats among the
ancient Greeks were very common at feasts in
honor of the gods and heroes, and at the fun-
erals of distinguished men. The Olympic,
Pythian, Nemean and Isthmian games were

regular recurring public exhibitions of
strength, skill and agility. Perhaps the

Olympic games were the most important. At
these no women were allowed to be present,
which indeed seems very singular. They were
celebrated every fifth year in honor of the all
powerful Zeus, and until after the conquest of
Greece by the Romans, none but Greeks were
permitted to contest in these games. The com-
batants were compelled to train in the gym-
nasium for ten months in advance. These
games lasted five days. On the first day sac-
rifices were offered; on the fifth, banquets and
processions were held. The victors were
crowned with garlands of olive twigs, songs

 
THE ARGO. 125

were sung to their praise, Statues were e
to their memory, and they were ex et
from all public taxes. The tests on these seen
sions were comprised in foot r eel
running, boxing, wrestling,
throwing, and in chariot race
athletics of ancient times.
These games of ancie
together with many

‘aces, leaping,
spear and discus
s. Such was the

nt Greece and Rome,

'Y New ones, such as foot-
ball, base-ball, tennis, Towing and hurdling are

being contested among the different colleges
and schools of the world, and they are of great
importance in that they give lustre to the eye
exercise to the muscles, development to the
lungs, activity and alertness, and in that they
tend to keep up school interest, and to promote
and maintain friendship between different
schools. Gymnasium meets are becoming
more: and more common, and ladies are not
excluded from field meets, as they were in the
Olympic games of old. The victors in games
now are not idolized and made superhuman as
they formally were, but they are encouraged
and honored with shouts, cheers, yells and
songs.

Many ancient philosophers, and even distin-
guished men of our own time, have been and
are good athletes. Why? Because education
and athletics go hand in hand. A good stu-
dent is most likely to be interested in:athletics
in one branch or another. Our present Execu-
tive of the country is a striking example of a
good athlete.

 

FOOT-BALL.

Foot-ball is now one of the most popular
games, and it is played by almost all of the
schools and colleges, both in this country and
in Europe. ;

Football was first played by the Greeks in
Athens. It was then called calcio and con-
sisted of twenty-seven players on a side,
namely, fifteen runners, whose position was
near the middle of the field opposite their

onts whose place was to stop

opponents, five fr \
the opposite runners as they run with the ball,

four half-backs and three full-backs.

Modern foot-ball,. although its numbers
have decreased until there remain only eleven
players on a side, is played nearly the same as
the Greeks used to play it.

Foot-ball is a great advantage, not only to a
school, but also to the players. In behalf of
the school, foot-ball makes the school popular
with all who either read about or hear about
its games. People who have children send
them to the school that is most victorious in its
games, for they, like to have their children go
to a school that other people have heard about.

Foot-ball is also a great benefit to the player.
It makes him strong and healthy. It gives
him the out-door exercise that he so much
needs. In big colleges it gives him some
knowledge of the country, for sometimes he
travels many miles to play a game.

Sometimes the players get too enthusiastic
over the game and begin to drop back in their
lessons, but in most schools a student cannot
play unless he stands at least above the passing
mark in his lessons.

Foot-ball has another advantage to the
player, or at least something that is thought
to be an advantage by his parents. For when
the foot-ball season opens all the players go
into training, that is, they cannot smoke or eat
anything sweet.

In some schools the players, though sup-
posed to go in training, do not do it very
strictly, and when the captain of the team, or a
professor, is not around, the players smoke or
eat as much candy as they like. They do this
in-some schools, but never in Rutgers College
Preparatory School.

 

CALENDAR.

May 30, Base ball; Plainfield High-at-to a.M.
in Plainfield.

May 30, Decoration Day.

May 31, Bordentown, at New Brunswick.

June 5-6, Senior Examinations.

June 9-10, Senior Vacation; Regular Exami-
nations.

June 11, Commencement.
126
Golbwebs,

THE STOVE IN GEORGE'S STORE.

 

When the golden orb of daytime
Slow was sinking in the west,
When the study hour was over,

And the time had come for rest,
How we'd rush to put our books away,
With great care (upon the floor),

And with what delight we'd hasten
Towards the stove in George’s store.

When the crowd was “flush” with money,
George would take the lion’s share;
But when cash was not forthcoming,

We would pay him with “hot air.”
“Flush” or “broke” you'd always find us
(Though you searched the city o'er),
Seated ‘round the Prep. School altar,
That old stove in George's store.

But those good old days are over,
George has left the town at last,
And with glad Vacation’s coming,
Stoves and school will both be past.
Still, within our recollections
There will be forever more
Thoughts of happy, wasted moments,

By the stove in George’s store.
—K. L.

RIC P 3S:
R. oyally good fellows, full of life and sand;
C. o-eds whom all critics call the prettiest in

 

 

the land;
P. rofs, who, no one can deny, have learning
in excess; *
S. um them all together, and you get R. C.
P; S.l As Zs
PERSONALS.

Mr. Conger visited the Trap on the evening
of May 7, and had many enjoyable talks with
the boys.

Miss Martin, of Yonkers, N. Y., was the
guest of T..R. Varick on the 16th and 17th of
this month. She attended the Delta Theta re-

ception.

 

THE ARGO.

/

Miss Katherine Green, of Brooklyn, and
Miss Mary E. Mitchell, of Paterson, Ne iy
were the guests of H. E. Green and J. H. Mur-
phy respectively, on the 16th and 17th of May.
They stayed at the Trap and attended the
Delta Theta reception.

The Senior class has been holding numerous
meetings lately, and it is rumored that the
pocket-books of many are suffering. We
A! the pleasures of

 

wonder why!
graduation.

Pictures of Tue Arco Board may be ob-
tained of Mr. Benedict, and those of the class
of ’o2 from Mr. Van Vechten.

The K. E. girls are endeavoring to plan for
a picnic, but cannot find any suitable day. We
think the boys would be willing to “slope” to
go on a picnic with them.

Murphy spent Tuesday and Wednesday in
Paterson.

On Tuesday Governor Muhphy was in the
Kirkpatrick Chapel for a little while. Dr.
Payson permitted the fourth form to leave the
school for ten minutes that they might see the
Governor.

Heath ’03, has nearly recovered from the
injury to his hand received at the Pingry
game. He started practice again on the thir-
teenth of May.

Hough, ex. ‘03, is in the insurance business.

Guy Bates ‘or, was in New Brunswick on
May 12. He is now studying at Columbia.

It has been decided to award a medal to each
of the two best cadets each month. These
cadets, at the close of the next month, pass the
medals to the successful contestants for that
month. At the end of the year the two cadets
who have drilled best will keep their medals.
Herbert ’03, and Devan ’o2, won the medals
for April.

Through the courtesy of the college cadets,
all members of the Prep. School Corps were
admitted to the Exhibition Drill on May 14.
They were requested to appear in uniform,
and an extra ticket was given to each cadet.
The Preparatory School cadet officers acted as
ushers,
 

 

 

 

» *
°
=
THE ARGO. 127
SQUEAKS. tat s
tac be Delicious Milk Shakes
Miss C.—"What word comes from the later
word ‘jus?’”
Student.—"‘Jewess.” AT oe
Ask Hancock how to cut hair. He has had
great experience. ’ TORE
Miss H.—"What is the definition of a BISSETT'S DRUG ° F
fossil?”
Student.—"A crystalized animal.” fi 7 di
4, crystalized animal. or Huyler’s Candies
Miss H.—"What institution did Cooper Agency y
found?”
Hancock.—'*‘Siegle Cooper & Co.” Cor. George and Washington Sts.
Cooke (translating Caesar).—He asked
this from Caesar with many weeping words. Louis Leitheiser,
Evans.—"Do you belong to that fraternity q
thing?” ; tHe c
Mittag—‘*Who belongs to this hat?” 0 B 1
Heath.—‘I do.” Popular qi ber,
Benedict —*A polyhedron is a figure not 393 George St. New Brunswick, N. J.
bounded by any number of sides.”
Smalley.—"A plane polegon is a circle.”
) $ ’
Mettler (translating analasis)—"Having HUGHES LAUN DEY,
died they went away.”
Kilmer (translating Greek ).—“The cavalry 80 CHURCH ST.
charged and the next day the enemy re- Prompt and. Bolclent Special Bates for Beudon's.
treated.” R. W. HUGHES, Proprietor.
5
McDEDE’S LIVERY, No. 25 EASTON AVENUE.
ad Lady r

 

OPrRIGNTED, THE Mus.” 1aR8

Coaches, and Light Carriages.

Rubber Tired Cabs,
RUTGERS PREPARATORY PCHOOL,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
fy ‘ K > (ar p A

FOUNDED 1766.

\ tHtunet

eymece: T!XD

a sy,
INSTRUCTORS : sy

ue

KLIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. B., Science Master.
ROY ©. BURR, A. B., Latin Master.
HERMAN 4H. WRIGHT, B. S., Mathematics.
HUGH D. WILSON, A. B., Greek Master.

MISS ANNA L. HARDY, A. B., French and German.
‘ MISS ELIZABETH: B. CORBIN, A. B., French and German.

_eee<:
Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS INA HELEN HURLBUT, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL, )
MISS MARY GREGG, aero

EDWARD L. BARBOUR, B. O., Elocution.

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Brunswioz, N. J.
