Vol. XIV.—No. 1
October, 1902

 

 

 

 

Published Monthly
By Rutgers College Preparatory School,
New Brunswick, N. J.
2 THE ARGO.

woung Men, Look!
WHEN YOU WANT

SHOWS OF BYERY DESORIFTION

Go TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER'S,

376 George Strect.

Base-Ball, Gymnasium, Reception, and any kind of Shoes you
may wish for. Give him a call and he will do you good.

sfieis 2 Inaiivs PRICES LOW.......

 

 

 

   

 

     
 
  
     

   

7

  

See

fee uty

Publisher, .-.

ASA ROR

©}, HEIDINGSFELD,= Printer».

Bookbinder,

42 Albany Street, oS New Brunswick, N. J.

      

 

 

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
G3. 50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid.

Hlarding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 Peace St. New Brunswick.

 

 

P.sF. VOuUNG DRY Goons co.

We call your eon oF” Dress Goods and Silks ; Carpets, Mattings and Rugs.

4 ‘ *
In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. ; Linoleums and Oil Cloths.
4
-

LADIES’, MISSES’ and Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains,

Suits and Jackets, CHILDREN’S.
P. J. Young Dry Goods Co. 27 CHURCH STREET.

SYROEAT Qo oe reno comnonnomnn
THE ARGO. 3

 

 

 

Bou TA PK EN:
JEW EL.ERm.
OO PAPREN & MILLER, Cor. CHURCH AND NEILSON STS.

 

STHWARTS AABERDASHHRY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
Church Street, No. 29.

Ww. R. REED,

BOOKS AND STATIONERY.

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

0. 0. STILLMAN, We ye
JEWELER 4ii9 OPTICIAN. CLAIR, "aroun

 

  

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling giver ie tocOvan
Ss ade rder. .
sap laos 355 George St., -:- New Brunswick.

45 Church St. : on Engr vdding invitations,

L. VOLKERT,
W ATCH THIS SPACE.| Merchant -:- Tailor,

359 GEORGE STREET,

New Brunswick, N. J.

LYONS & PAREER,
(SUCCESSORS TO NEVIUS & CO.) JAG 0 B W iE B E Re

New Brunswick's Agents for Spalding’s Sweaters

and general sporting goods MERCHANT TAILOR,

Clothiers and Furnishers.
{ Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. 41% George Street.

 

 

 
THE ARGO.

Randolph Studio,

319 George Street.

 

Special Rates to Students

Telephone 46.

EVERYTHING THE BEST.
Pp. H. SUYDAM.
GROCER;

MONUMENT SQUARE.

THE RELLUF CO.,

Manufacturers of Calendars, Cards, Fans, Perfumed
Business Cards, Novelties, Etc.
Sales Agents for French Novelty Company.

112 Somerset St. New Brunswick.

IRNEST DEVER.

 

E. I. WIKOFY,

CATERER, CONFECTIONER,
FANCY CAKE BAKER.
SOCIETY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY.

109, 111, 113 Church Street.

WILLIAM GAUB,

Meats and Sausages,
Cor. Easton Ave. and Prosper St.

Telephone Call, 2114. New Brunswicx, N. J

RUTGERS COLLEGE
Rutgers -" Scientifie ~” Séhog]

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE OLASSICAL DEPARTMENT
Leading to the Degree of A.B. is Broad ana Thorough
a revision and enlargement of the curricniu °
one el facilities for Elective Courses throu oat acres
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, Eng] he
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy ”
History, Political Sclence, Philosophy, Physics y,
Chemlstr, ane. Biology. .
Trustees of Rutgers Collego have recentl:
a tou ears’ course of instruction, to be Known ag the ined
Scientific Course, which will lead to the degree of Bachelor a
tters (Litt. B.).
ae general regulations affecting admission by exam|
rtificate, as printed on pages 21 and 22 of th Ina.

tion or by ce ( ‘
alogue of Rutgers College for 1900-1901, will appl, Cat
dit onal course of instruction. PPIY to this aq.

THE SOIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT
is the New Jersey State College for the benent of Agriculture

and the Mechanic Arts.
There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree tn

science.

1. A Course In Agriculture,

2. A Course tn Civil Engineering and Mechanics.
8. A Course in Chemistry.

4. A Course in Electricity.

5. A Course tn Biology.

THE PLAN OF
College Extension

bas been enlarged. Additional courses of lecture:
branches of sclence and literature are offered and will ets
throughout New Jersey, at such centres as may arrange Tih
the Secretary of the Extension Department, Prof. Louts Bevien

Jr., Ph.D.
For catalogues or other inf i,
ups, aaa r information, address IRVING s,
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D., LL.D., President,

 

A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF: :::

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Bol OES

AT LOWEST PRICES,

 

WILLIAM J. SENGS,

48 Easton Ave.

 

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

REPAIRING NEATLY DONE,
 

5
Ld
Ld

dob

 

ARGO.

 

 

Vou. XIV.

New Brunswior, N. J., Ooroper, 1902.

No. 1.

 

 

The Arge:

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered In the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by J, Heidingsfeld.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
A. JOYCE KILMER,
Editor-in-Chief.

 

MARGARET 8. COOK, ‘06
FREDRICK A. KULLMAR, '03

MARY GILLESPIE, ‘06
THOMAS F. PHINNY, '05

MARGARET S. SCOTT, ‘0s
PAUL B. McCHESNEY, ‘04 | Alumniana.

RALPH P. BADEAU, '04, Athletics,
ALAN D. CAMPBELL, Jr. Annex News.

FRANCIS G. LANG, '03
LEWIS A. HEATH, '03

f Literature.

| News.

| Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. C. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom
panied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on one
side of the paper only,

Officers of the school, students, and alumni, are most cor-
dlally invited to contribute.

 

 

ANOTHER school year is beginning. With
this issue, the fourteenth volume of Tur Arco
commences, and with this issue a new board
of editors come upon the scene. Tur Arco
editors of previous years have made the stand-
ard of this paper very high, and we do not in-
tend to lower it. The school itself is, in a
measure, judged by the school paper, and the
paper must be excellent, or nothing. We can-
not conduct this paper by ourselves, however,
we must have the hearty support of the whole
institution. THE Arco belongs to the students
of Rutgers Preparatory School, and upon the
students of Rutgers Preparatory School it
must depend for contributions and pecuniary
aid,

For a while, it seemed almost impossible for
us to go back to the old grind of school life.
The three delightful months of vacation were
short—far too short entirely for us, and the
future prospect of nine months of hard study
seemed gloomy and dismal. But after we had
spent a week or so as students we became
more sanguine, and are now quite reconciled
to our fate.

tT will be noticed that upon the staff of THE
Arco for this year are found three young
ladies. The feminine portion of last year’s
staff did much toward making Tur Arco suc-
cessful, and we are sure that this year’s co-
editors (should we say co-editresses?) are in
no way inferior to their predecessors.

 

THE foot-ball season has arrived, and every
student of Rutgers Prep. School should be
interested in that fact. Let all unite to bring
victory to R. P. S. Help with your muscle
if you have enough of it, if not, join the Ath-
letic Association, attend all the games, and
“root” with all the lung-power you possess.

 

We have made a few slight changes in the
appearance of our school paper. The red print
lends a touch of life to the cover, which was
lacking before. We trust that these alter-
ations will meet with the approval of the
school, whose tastes we shall always endeavor
to gratify.

ee

Ow nc to the fact that the Commencement
exercises had to be reported, the June number
of last year’s Arco was issued after school had
closed for the summer. All those who had
given their addresses to the business managers
received copies. None could be sent, however,

a
THE ARGO.

6

to those whose addresses were unknown, =
if any of those received no ARGOS, the ca
lies not with last year’s management, but wit
the subscribers themselves.
seers sa sie Bee

Conrrinutors will do well to read and re-
member the following rules, taken from our
enterprising rival, the Interscholastic Bulle-
tins

1. Write only on one side of the paper.

2. Do not fail to report an item because
you think some one else has reported it.

3. Look over your work carefully, s riking
out all the “verys” that you find in it,

4. Always send your names with the items.
If you wish, we will not publish it with the
article, but send your name.

5. Contribute continuously, not spasmod-
ically.

ALL those joining the Athletic Association
now will be given tickets that will pass them
free of charge to all foot-ball games held in
New Brunswick this year. As the Associa-
tion dues are only seventy-five cents, and as
it would cost considerably more to attend
every game by paying at the gate, nearly the
whole school has joined.

 

Tue usual Friday morning speaking began
on September 26th. The speeches were well
chosen and eloquently delivered. The stand-
ard of oratory in Rutgers Prep. School has
always been high, and this year it will be any-
thing but lowered. The Lane contest will
take place in March, and has already become
the subject of much speculation among the
students.

Sook Seon tat

Try to accompany the team when it goes
out of town to play. Do not allow any game to
be lost from lack of “rooters.”

 

For only one dollar and fifty cents one can
join the Athletic Association and subscribe to
THE ARGo.

Our Senior professor is with us again, that
is, most of him. He was operated upon ae
ing the summer for the removal of a hirsute
growth upon the upper lip. The operation
was entirely successful, and the only misfo,.
tune that it cattsed was that it made him look
less like Roosevelt than he did before. Shay.
ing is—. But no! we will speak no more
about that. The mention of shaving brings to
our minds certain painful recollections of last
winter, which should by now be buried in ob-

livion.

One advantage of coming to school late, and
of being sent from class, is the beauty of lan-
guage and vigor of imagination gained by
constant practice in writing excuses.

Any subscriber or advertiser who does not
receive his Arco regularly will confer a very
great favor by conferring with the business
managers.

Iv is hoped that the Alumniana department,
which appears for the first time in Tue Arco
this month, will meet with the approval of
graduates and undergraduates. We shall be
glad to record the doings of our alumni, and
we hope that they will not forget the dear old
Prep. School after they have left it.

ALUMNIANA.

Nafey ‘ox is in business in New York.

Pettit ‘or is working in New York.

senedict ‘or is in business in Philadelphia.

The following members of the class of
1902 have entered Rutgers this year: Bet
edict, Devan, Murray, Green, Murphy, Mittag
and Smalley,

A. S. Carpender ’o2 is preparing to enter
Annapolis,

Van Vechten ‘02 is in business in Catskill
Nie:

Miss Bertha Kuehnle ‘o2 left town on Se?”

tember 16th to begin her course at Wellesley
College,

 
 

 

THE ARGO.

Miss Bessie Kitchenmeister ex-’o2, visited
this school September 15th.

Miss Mary Shafer, formerly of this school,
visited here a few days ago.

Among those who have visited the school
so far this year are: Benedict, Mittag,
Smalley, Murphy, Carpender and Hay, all of
the class of 1902.

THE ROPE RUSH.

Rutgers College held its annual Rope Rush
on Neilson Field, Friday, September 19, 1g02.

There were eleven more Freshmen than
Sophomores. After entering the field the sides
were lined up in a long row and their pictures
were taken. During the early part of the
afternoon it rained, consequently the ground
was soggy. There was a fair sized crowd to
watch the sport, and a good sprinkling of the
gentler sex were there also.

At the report of a pistol the contestants
came together with a rush and then the fun be-
gan. The Juniors and Seniors were on the
field to see that each side had fair play, and to
carry the ones that were tied up off the field.
It took the Freshmen just sixteen minutes and
ten seconds to tie up the last of the Soph’s.
That evening the Freshmen put posters to the
effect that the would-be immortal class of '05
had succumbed to the everglorious class of
1906.

THE FLAG RUSH.

According to custom, the Flag Rush be-
tween Freshmen and Sophomores was held on
September 1oth—the day that college opened
The flag was displayed by the Freshmen
shortly after chapel exercise. The Sopho-
mores then closed in on them, and for a while
the battle raged upon the campus. Then Mr.
Murphy (a former editor of Tue Arco)
broke away and ran with the flag to an open
field near the Delta Uusilon house. During
the scrimmage that followed Mr. Murphy re-
ceived a blow in the face from someone’s elbow
that broke his nose. The blow was, however,
accidental. At the close of the rush it was

 

7

found that the Sophomores had won, and that
the Freshmen had only one hand upon the flag.
kiveryone who witnessed the contest says that
it was the liveliest ever held at Rutgers Col-
lege. Jt was certainly very even, for the Soph-
omores, though ten men less than the Fresh-
men, used their muscle and experience in a
way that more than made up for their de-
ficiency in number.

 

ANNEX NOTES.

School began September roth. When we
came to school we were very much surprised
and disappointed to find instead of a play-
ground a half finished building, heaps of sand,
window frames, piles of bricks and wood, and
barrels of mortar.

The building is the new Ceramic building,
given to the college by the State of New
Jersey. It is to be completed by October 1st,

1902.

We were glad to see a new clock that goes
in the place of the old one that did not. The
new clock was given to the Annex by the Prep.
School.

Our collection of pictures was added to by
a picture of the three martyred Presidents,
given by Dumont Elmendorf, and a painting
of the Maine Coast given by Elsie Gaub.

We have a new principal named Miss Ella
initials at the end of their names.

What relationship is there between a loaf of
bread and a steam engine?
Answer— Bread is a necessity and a steam
engine is an invention.”
“Necessity is the mother of invention.”
—Ex.

THE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.

On September 24th a meeting of the Athletic
Association was held, for the purpose of elect-
ing a student manager of the foot-ball team.
The members assembled in Professor Fuller’s
room at recess. After the meeting had been
called to order by President Verdi, nomina-
tions for the office were requested. Mr, Tay-
THE ARGO.

8
ominated.

a vote
Fisher
oted the
found

r. McKibben were n

When the candidates had left the ai.
was taken. Mr. H. Lang and if
counted the ballots, and Mr. G, Lang 1
result upon the blackboard. It was aa
that Mr. McKibben had won, having Bee

twenty-two votes to Mr. Taverner s ane *

Tur Arco congratulates Mr. a
upon his election, and also congratulates =
foot-ball team upon the acquisition of an ex
cellent student manager.

is NT ee
PROSPICIENS.

Seldom, if ever, has the prospect been so
gratifying for Rutgers Preparatory School as
it is at present. Nearly all of last year's
undergraduates are back, and a number of new
students, everyone of whom appears to be an
acquisition to the school, have entered in the
various classes. The foot-ball team bids fair
to surpass all previous ones, and there is no,
doubt that the students of Rutgers Prep. will
give the team their hearty support, as they
have always done. Our annual dramatic en-
tertainment will be as excellent as usual, for
there is abundance of talent in the school.
There is also plenty of material for a good
Glee Club, and doubtless one will organize in
the near future.

It looks as if the Lane prize will be hard to
win this year. Many of last year’s Demos-
thenes’s have returned, and some men have
joined us who will be good orators.

Nearly all of last year's faculty are back,
two of them with the honor of a second degree.
Tue Arco congratulates the two professors
who can now write M instead of B among the
initials at the end of their names,

One instructor has left us to enter into a
business career. We are sincerely sorry to
lose him, and he will always find firm friends
among his former pupils at Rutgers Prep.

We welcome one recruit in our squad of in-

gers Prep. men to be good
an will find them to be good fellows,

erner and M

AT RUTGERS PREPARATORy
SCHOOL.
BY

LIFE

Ropertc FRANCISCO MUNCHAUuszEn,
(A lineal descendant of Baron Munchausen, )

In writing my sketches of Rutgers Prep,
School, I trust that I shall encounter no such
adverse criticism as did my ancestor, the
Baron, who wrote his own Memoirs. The
public, after reading his book, were actually
audacious enougl to accuse him of exagger-
ation! When the Munchausen family (as
every one knows) is world renowned for
its truthfulness. [ cannot, therefore, allow
myself to be called an exaggerator in this
chronicle. However, like all other great
authors, I may make use of that excellent
and convenient figure of speech, Hyperbole.

On the afternoon of September 15th, nine-
teen hundred and two, I arrived in New
Brunswick. As I am a gentleman of leisure,
and (like my reverend ancestor, the Baron)
a close student of human nature, I looked
about for some place where I could best find
material for observation. I secured lodgings
at an excellent hostelry, and after a moderate
repast, I felt sufficiently refreshed to take an
evening stroll through the city streets.

I had walked for some distance, and had
crossed some railway tracks, when a sign in
the window of a store near by attracted my at-
tention. It read as follows: “Hot Dogs.”
As one might readily imagine, I was at once
interested. With my usual zeal for knowl-
edge, I entered the building. It was not, as
T had imagined from the sign in the window,
the shop of a dealer in canine animals. Con-
fectionery, a soda fountain, pastry, and other
similar articles seemed to mark it as the abode
of a merchant, a supplier of light refresh-
ie oo then—why, in the name of all

vellous, why “Hot Dégs?” Why—
ae Pe point my meditations were inter-
y the entrance of a man whom |

Judged to be the proprietor of the establish-
ment,
THE ARGO. 9

The entrance of a man did I say? Ah, yes,
but what a man! He was an Apollo, a demi-
god! Never in all my travels jhave | seen so
much beauty in any one person. His form
was slender, his aspect benevolent, and his
smile—Ah! his smile was too beautiful for
this world. And his manners were as pleasing
as his looks. (N. B.—Perhaps when he reads
this he will give me a discount of fifty per cent.
on all my purchases Yes?)

Well, this beautiful vision told me that
“Hot Dogs” meant sausage rolls. I was un-
able to find out why it was so. In the course
of my conversation, I found that the large
building on the opposite side of the street was
Rutgers College Preparatory School. I asked
him about the students of the school, about
their lives and customs. The information
which he gave me only piqued my curiosity,
and I resolved to know more of Rutgers Pre-
paratory School.

After bidding farewell to the merchant,
and after paying him $200 for an excellent
glass of soda water (the conversation alone
was worth that amount) I returned to my hos-
telry. I then retired, resolving to visit Rut-
gers Preparatory School on the following
morning. ‘

(To be continued.)

 

THE DISCIPLINARIAN.
(From the diary of John Blezwton.)

Planesvile, September 2d, 1902—It is with
a feeling of exhilaration, and at the same
time, of something almost like sorrow that I
make the first entry in my diary. The time
has come at last—I can now experience some-
thing like an adventure. I shall go among
strange people, enjoy new sensations, see new
sights. But yet, who knows what may hap-
pen? Well, never mind, the die is cast, and I
am ready for whatever may come. Since there
is no telling but that someone besides myself
may read this diary, I will tell a little about
my previous life.

My name is John Schofel Blewton. I was

born in Planesville, N. H., and have lived
there all my life, except once when I went to
Keene to see my uncle Will, and one year
when I was at school in New Haletown. I
graduated from Planesville District School
No. 3, nnd studied one year at Myrtax Aca-
demy, in New Haletown. Since when I have
been staying on my father’s farm and work-
ing, but my father is going to send me to col-
lege next year. I am now eighteen years old.

The reason I started the diary is this. A
woman by the name of Mrs. Norburg-Foil-
stone has been boarding at my cousin Henry’s
place. She is a wealthy widow, with a son
about ten years old. Mrs. Norburg-Foilstone
intends to go to Europe this winter, and she
does not want to take her son, whose name is
Parker, with her. Neither does she want to
leave him with any of her friends, for it seems
that the youngster is passionately fond of his
home, and. wants to have the house all kept
in order for him even when his mother is
away. As she would not leave him alone, she
has tried to find a companion for him, some-
one who would be on equal terms with him,
amuse him, and yet not take the place of his
nurse or his governess. Our minister recom-
mended me, and as my father didn’t care, I
have taken the position. It isn’t like being a
servant, I suppose, and anyway it’s better than
staying on the farm till next year.

Mrs. Norburg-Foilstone sails to-day, and
to-morrow morning I leave Planesville for
Terrace- Lawn, Mrs. Norburg---Foilstone’s
place at West Lealington. I intend to get as
much out of my life there as I can, and as
West Lealington is a very big place (there
are two factories there, so I guess it’s pretty
near as big as New York) I shall probably
have some adventures worth telling about.
Anyway, I am going to write in this diary
every month whatever interesting experiences
I have had during the month. I won’t write
any more to-night, for it’s late, (pretty near
half-past nine!) and I have to catch the 7.15
train for West Lealington to-morrow morn-
ing. So, by this time to-morrow I shall be in-

 
10 THE ARGO.

stalled as guardian of young Norburg-Foil-
stone.
Joun S. BLEwTON.

(To be continued.)

MACAULAY AND MATHEMATICS.

We would advise all our readers, that when
despondent over arithmetic, or algebra, or
geometry, they read the following paragraph,
which is taken from a letter by Thomas Bab-
ington Macaulay, beloved of the Senior Eng-
lish class:

“I can scarcely bear to write on mathemat-
ics or mathematicians. Oh for words to ex-
press my abomination for that science, if a
name sacred to the useful and embellishing
arts may be applied to the perception and
rerollection of certain properties of numbers
and figures. Oh that I had to learn astrology,
or demonology, or school divinity; oh that I
were to pore over Thomas Aquinas, and to ad-
just the relation of Entity with the two Pre-
dicaments, so that I were exempt from this
miserable study. ‘“‘Discipline’ of the mind!
Say rather starvation, confinement, torture,
annihilation! But it must be. I feel myself
becoming a personification of algebra, a liv-
ing trigonometrical canon, a walking table of
logarithms. All my perceptions of elegance
and beauty are gone, or at least, going. But
such is my destiny, and since it is so, be the
pursuit contemptible, below contempt, or dis-
gusting beyond abhorrence, I shall aim at no
second place.”

THE TRANSFORMATION.

Once a flower, fresh and blooming
Rested in your chestnut hair ;
I, poor fellow, rash, presuming,
Stole it from you then and there.
Days have passed since that glad hour—
What a change the time has wrought;
Once an Immortelle, the flower
Now is a Forget-me-not. ‘
JOHANNES.

Cobwebs,

HIGH TIDE.

Along the level beach the sea birds flit,
The breakers toss in sunlight, foam-
impearled,
Away at sea the sails gleam, faint and far,
Along the shadowy curving of the world.

 

The pale green grasses on the yellow dunes,
Bend low before the breeze, that, strong and
free,
Sweeps swiitly inland, bearing on its wings
Invigorating odors of the sea.

Blue as a sapphire stretches the great plain
Eastward, beneath a vault of cloudless sky,
All nature is exultant and aglow;
The cup of life is full—the Tide is High.

DANGERS OF STUDYING GREEK.

One winter day while passing down the street
I saw a youth, who did not stop to greet
Nor man, nor child, nor co-ed. Fast his pace
And downcast, sad and weary was his face.
His features, while intelligent and kind,
Showed he possessed far less of heart than

mind;

Thin lips, bent brow, and hollow pallid
cheek,

Proved him accustomed more to think than
speak.

O’er his high forehead a scant growth of hair,

Like Heaven, there was no parting there.

(The joke above now first appears in rhyme,

Humor, like wine, I think, improves with
time.)

His chest was narrow, and his shoulders bent ;

His arms seemed for no useful purpose lent ;

His hands, uncared for, ink besmeared and
thin,

Were only made to put pen holders in.

His mouth was wide, and scarcely made for
song; :

His legs beneath a desk seemed to belong ;

 
 

THE
ARGO. u

His eyes were dim, and kept from being blind
By glasses smoked, to shield them from the
wind ;
His whole look showed as one’s appearance
can,
What studying Greek can do to a poor man.
Victim.

BUGS.
(From the Army and Navy Journal.)
Oh, the Gen’ral raised the devil with the Ker-
nel, so ‘tis said,
About a little hitch in the formashun at par-
ade ;
And the Kernel told the Major that his
handling the battalion
Resembled Ward McAllister a leadin’ a
cotillon ;
An’ the Major hauled the Cap’en up about
some oversight,
Manooverin’ the company while breakin’ from

from the right ;

An’ the Cap’en gravely caushuned the Loo-
tenant bear in mind,

An’ keep the rear rank well closed up and
properly alli’ned.

Oh, them big bugs hev bigger bugs,
That jump on ’em an’ bite ’em;
An’ the bigger bugs hev other bugs,

An’ so—ad infinitum.

The Sargent med a break an’ the Lootenant
collared him,
Politely intimatin’ thet he didn’t know a dem;
An’ the Sargent soon an error in preservin’
distance spied,
An’ got a shot at Darringer, the corp’ral,
who was guide;
But Darringer said nothit
for his chance,
An’ promptly gev some schorchi
tactics, to the lance,
Who opened fire on Private Dear
all the wheels,
An’ Dean cussed Smith, his rear ral
fer steppin’ on his heels.

’—he just waited
n’ views, on
n fer spilin’

ak man,

Oh, them big bugs hev bigger bugs,
That Jump on ‘em an’ bite ’em;
An’ the bigger bugs hev other bugs,

An’ so—ad infinitum.

l'was all wound up in barracks when the
when the reg’ment was dismissed,
An’ Dean's eye rather funnily ran foul o’
Smithy’s fist,
An’ we stood on chairs an’ tables an’ we
backed ‘em for the beer,
While the clamor of the battle woke the
echoes far an’ near;
It was jist a rough an’ tumble, but a most
instructiv’ fight,
Till the sargent an’ a detail o’ he gyard hove
into sight ;
An’ they tuk ’em, blown and bloody, an’
they locked ’em in the mill,
An’ thet’sall thet I remimbe of the Big Re-
view an’ Drill.

’Cept thet big bugs hev bigger bugs,
That jump on ’em an’ bite ‘em;

An’ the bigger bugs hev other bugs
An’ so—ad infinitem.
—Witt Strokes, U. S$.S. Columbia.

 

TO
I know a girl I'll tell you of—
(Tell me her name I entreat) ;
With eyes as blue as the skies above
And a voice that’s soft and sweet.

Her lips are as red as coral shells ;
(Oh! tell me her name, now do).

Her laugh is the tinkle of’ silver bells
That ring alone for you.

Loose flows her hair in silken streams ;
(Oh! tell me her name, I pray) ;

It’s burnished brown, like gold it gleams
When reached by the sun’s bright ray.

Her face is as fair as her heart is true.
(Oh! what is her name, now tell) !

I'd give her my love and fortune too,
And all of my life as well.

 
12 THE ARGO.

L’ENVOI.

And now I will tell you what is her name,
For this guerdon your patience procures;
Her form and her features are yours and the
same ;
Her name is no other than yours.

 

SQUEAKS.

Dr. Payson (in Latin class)—“What is the
matter with this word, John?”

JcB n— It wants another mz into it.”

Dr. Payson (to Miss C , who has been
reading Macaulay out loud )—“Go on with the
translation.”

Dr. Payson (in Bible class) —“Where is Ur
of the Chaldees?”

Mcls n—‘Twenty miles from New
York.”

Dr. Payson—‘What were they building the
harbour for?”

J. B—wn—‘For the foundation of a
house.”

In his “Essay on Milton,” Macaulay says
that imagination is declining. He would never
have made such a statement had he ever heard
recitation such as a certain American History
class which we know makes. Among the
many gems of thought from that class we
present the following: “A young Indian
stood pain as well as a veterinary.” “At this
time the city which was Genoa’s rival was
Venus.”

Bergen (translating Aenid)—They turned
the shores of Libia.”

Miss (translating Aenid)—“He
duilds a fire of flint.”

(From a Ist form historical essay)—“The
earth was supposed to be flat, if you went to
the edge they would fall off.”

Dr. Payson (in Aenid class) —“What queen
does this mean?”

Bergen—“Queen Mercury.”

Bergen (translating Aenid)—“Oh certain
god, are you Pheebes sister?”

Moss (in Chemistry class)—“Fill the water
with jar.”

 

 

 

 

 

Samples of 4th form spelling aummotus—
omnibus. Axile—axle.

 

A LETTER.

To the Editor of Tue Arco: :

We understand that one of the libraries of
this city is contemplating to add to its vast and
valuable collection, a compilation of classical
literature entitled “The World’s Great Class-
ics.” Among the compilers and contributors
appear such names as: Timothy Dwight,
Maurice Francis Egan, Paul Van Dyke,
Maurice Arnot, Arthur T. Hadley, Goldwin
Smith, Edward Darden, Richard Gottheil,
René Basset, etc., etc., all standing in this
country and in Europe on the very pinnacle
of learning, and consequently a guarantee that
the authors chosen and represented are not
only unusual, but of the highest standard.

We are also assured that the selections con-
tain no abridgements or extracts, but are
given in their entire breadth and beauty, a
feat never before attempted. To have spreap
out on one shelf right under one’s own hand,
so to speak, the whole and unabridged master-
pieces of the masterminds, is a dream no
more ,but a realization ; and by day or by night
we may sit within the limit of our library and
commune with these great men and women of
bygone ages and present times. Such an intel-
lectual feast as is spread before us in these
series cannot but be heartily applauded by an
appreciating public, and we hope that it will
accord this publication the welcome it deser-
ves, and that our citizen will enrich the shelves
of their private libraries with these priceless
treasures, and thus secure not only a solace for
their leisure hours or for their advanced age,
but also a help for their studying sons and
daughters, and a mould for the infant mind
of their youths.

ConTRIBUTED.
te BR ee Te

SCHOOL NOTES.
A large number of students have entered
the school this year. Among them are the fol-
lowing: In the Fourth Form—Walter R.
 

THE ARGO.

_ chu yler L. Rust. In the Third Form
ae E. Corning, Eustache Dulje, Fielg
cats Theodore A. Hageman, Gilbert
; val, Edgar W. Labaw, Charles 0, Mook,

B. Opdyke, Ellis F. Potter, Samuel ¢.

fet In the Second Form—Theodore R.
weservell In the Second Division of the

fe Form—Henry McCrellis, Richard M.
Hoe, William G. Packard. In the entering
here are thirteen students,

Mr. Wilson, the former Greek master, has
ne into business. In his place has come
\, Fuller, a Yale graduate (class of ’98),
who has recently been teaching at Lyndon
Institute in Vermont.

Miss Hurlbut is no longer Principal of the
Annex. She has been succeeded by Miss Ella
Marsden, an alumna of Onteora Normal

School.

class t

 

ATHLETICS.

It looks as if we might have a very good
foot-ball team this year, six of the old players
are back and a good many of the new men look
as if they might make good foot-ball players.
Our coach, Mr. Wright, is back, and we hope
that he will train the players as well as he did
last year, and that we will have as good a
record as we did last year. If all the fellows
would come up to the trap and practice we
would have a much better foot-ball team.

The Rutgers College foot-ball team started
practice not long after that of the Preparatory
School. An excellent team has been organized,
and anew coach has been secured, who will be
of material assistance. All students of Rut-
gets Preparatory School should try to attend
the games played by the college team; and all
Sttdents of Rutgers College (especially those
who are alumni of Rutgers Prep.) should
‘tend the Preparatory School games. Mr.
td is captain of the Rutgers College
ae year, and Mr. Bazley is captain of

Teparatory School team.
ie c oe games have been scheduled
“ utgers College team:
BL 27, Saturday—Manhattan, at New York.

13
Oct. 4, §
: aturday— nbi
i day—Columbia, at New Bruns-
Oct. 1,'§
- Il, sat y—Lehi i
on urday—Lehigh, at South Bethle-
Oct. 5 Irsi
18, Saturday—Ursinus, at New Bruns-
wick,
Oc )
ct. 22, Wednesday—Swarthmore, at New
Brunswick,
) ¥
Oct. as, Saturday—Haverford, at Haverford.

ne 1, Saturday—Stevens, at Hoboken.

oe 8, Saturday—N. Y. U., at New York.

Nov. - Saturday—Delaware, at New Bruns-
wick,

Nov. 22, Saturday—Stevens, at New Bruns-
wick.

 

FOOT-BALL.

What a grand game! How like a battle
wherein life as well as glory is at stake!

See how each army lines up. What grim,
determined soldiers they are. What an in-
spiring sight. You tremble in anticipation of
the splendid fight you are to witness.

Certainly you call it a contest or a game—
it sounds better so expressed. Fighting seems
and sounds brutal; but it is really a fight—a
grand struggle for supremacy.

Some say foot-ball is dangerous. But sup-
pose it is. One’s life is always in danger; a
house may fall on you or lightning may strike
you. Anyway, it is the danger of the contest
which gives zest to it. It thrills the nerves of
the spectators—it imitates the player in the
great battle of life, which in its under cur-
rents is more intense than foot ball.

More nervous and muscular power is need-
ed to conquer in this great game of life than
in the fiercest game of foot-ball contest.

All hail to foot-ball! I like itbecause it is

a manly game. It develops men—strong,

hearty, superb. ‘ eet
It is not for the weaklings,—it is for the

strong, and it adds strength to the strong.
If 00 are weak, develop strength in other
3 ting to play.
ways before attempting fe A
Foot-ball is exhilarating, even intoxicating.
It thrills the nerve as does a great battle.
14 THE ARGO.

I say to all boys, test your mettle on the
foot-ball field. It is a sample of the stren-
uous life of to-day. It prepares you for this
giant struggle in life’s arena.

Your determination, your persistence, your
courage on the foot-ball field will clearly in-
dicate your capacity in future life.

de fearless, determined, struggling with all
your might to keep your competitors back and
advance your own side. The same persist-
ence, energy, courage and manliness is needed
for success in a foot-ball game is the most
valuable foundation for success in the busi-
hess or professional world.

If you have a boy who is backward, diffi-
dent, cowardly, teach him to play foot-ball ;
encourage him to indulge frequently with
those of his own age and strength.

What if he does get a black eye, a bruise or
a strain occasionally. The pathway of life is
not strewn with roses. Hard “knocks” de-
velop character, self-confidence, stability, man-
liness, and a foot-ball field is the place to
secure them.

—Bernarr MacFappen, in Physical Culture.

 

RECIPES.

To make an Imitation Sport—to four meas
ures of nerve add three measures of impu-
dence. Mix with this five measures of con-
ceit; four measures of ignorance, and a suffi-
cient quantity of “hot air” to fill several bal-
oons. Stir in with this: Three measures of
stinginess, two measures of indolence, and five
measures of interest in every one else’s ‘affairs.
Then add a suit of vociferous clothing, with
three cents and a meal ticket in the pocket, a
rainbow colored necktie with a horseshoe pin,
a pair of red socks, a cigarette (grubbed if
possible), a hat warranted never to be on
straight, and a large vocabulary of sporting
terms, with no knowledge as to their applica-
tion. Bake half through, and throw the mix-
ture among an unsuspecting public.

To make a Rutgers Preparatory School
Professor—Take three measures of knowl-
edge of the branch of learning to be taught.

Then add five measures of knowledge of
athletics, dancing, current events, cards,
women, religion, philosophy, art, liter-
ature and pugilism. Mix in with these plenty
of endurance, a sufficient quantity of persever-
ance, ten measures of strictness, and one bun-
dred measures of patience. Add a childlike
smile, a pair of glasses and a moustache.
Roast as brown as possible and send to Rut-
ger Prep. School.

 

EXCHANGES. i

One of our most interesting exchanges is
the /nterscholastic Bulletin, of New York.
That paper is issued weekly in the inter-
est of the Public High Schools of New
York. It is more in the form of a newspaper
than that of a magazine, as there is almost no
fiction published in it. However, the lack of
fiction is made up for by the excellent quantity
and quality of the news with which its col-
umns are filled.

The manner in which the Jnterscholastic
Bulletin is conducted is certainly unique. In
each of the New York Public High Schools is
an editorial staff, whose duty it is to take sub-
scriptions and to furnish a certain amount of
school news every week. The managing
editors, all of whom are alcmni of the New
York Public High Schools, are aided also by
an advisory board, which is composed of
teachers in the schools represented.

Excellent paper is used, the type is clear,
and the frequent illustrations are a great addi-
tion to the appearance of the periodical. The
news printed is thoroughly up to date, and is
of interest to every Public High School student
in New York.

Still, as everyone knows, it is impossible to
find perfection anywhere. No man, no govern-
ment, no system of any sort is totally without
fault. However good a school paper may be,
one can always find some adverse criticism to

 

 

 

 

make about it, in respect to either its looks
or its contents. The editors (poor men) are
Loner awa

oe

THE ARGO.

wot always to blame for the faults that call
forth the unfavorable comments, but it is upon
their shoulders that he burden of the blame
anust rest. Many criticisms have been made
ghout Tue Arco, and many more will pro-
jably be made each year.

Taking into consideration the above state-
aents, we would like to call attention to a few
ints in which the Bulletin might be im-
wroved. In the first place, the present size of
se paper makes it very clumsy. THe Arco
5 quite large for a school paper, and the Bul-
etin is nearly twice as large. There are only
welve sheets in the present issue of our New
fork contemporary, and we feel sure that if
he size of the sheets was reduced by half,
ind the number of pages increased at a corres-
yonding ratio, the result would be pleasing

und satisfactory to all concerned.

 

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,

Agency for Huyler’s Candies,

Cor. George and Washington Sts.

 

Louis Leitheiser,
THE

Popular Barber,

393 George St. New Brunswick, N. J.

HUGHES’ LAUNDRY,

80 CHURCH ST.

Prompt and Efficient,

 

Special Rates for Students

R. W. HUGHES, Proprietor.

 

McDEDE’S LIVERY, No. 25 EASTON AVENUE.
ce:

\@UEDES HEATED GOACHES

 

OPTRONTED, THE tue.” 1088

Rubber Tired Cabs, Coaches, and Light panties
RUTGERS PREPARATORY ScHOOh,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

FOUNDED 1766.

> Satksee

INSTRUCTORS :

ELIOT R, PAYSON, A. M., Pa. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. H. FULLER, A. B., Greek Master.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M. Science Master.
ROY C. BURR, A. B., Latin Master.
HERMAN H. WRIGHT, A. M., Mathematics.
MISS ANNA L. HARDY, A. B., French and German.
MISS ELIZABETH B. CORBIN, A. B., French and German.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.
MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal. |
MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL, yt
MISS MARY GREGG, aacascle

EDWARD L. BARBOUR, B. O., Elocution.

For particulars address

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Bronswiox, N. J.
