 

 

 

 

 

 
THE ARGO.
Il °

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific School
choo

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT
Is Broad and Thorough

d by arevisionand enlargement of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPA RTMENT,
an S

: elective Courses throughout the is the New Jersey State College f.
ee oe acer eg in Latin, Greek, French, ture and the Mechanic Arts, Ge. for the beneftt of Agricul.
unio! ee ere a
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy, leading to the first degree in acience, By ful Courses, each

ry, Political Science, Philosophy, 1, A Course in Agriculture.
ae Chemistry and Biology. 2, A Coursein Civil Engineering and Michanica,

Jetion of the full four 5 ones 2 ee
ent, on the completion 0 Jourse in Electricity,
In this tml Greek, the candidate recieves A Course in Biology.
years’ requiremen 6. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics,
the degree of A. B. Anda short course of tw

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements | not lead toa degree,

rs

© years in Cerami s which does

: F logue .
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for | gy DEON Hetetrane other information, address IRVING
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B, Litt. AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President,

 

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING

Of Every Description.

B.U. TAPK

N,
JEWELER;
anonarning 2 gens Corner of Church and Neilson Streets.

 

Lr J

 

Carpets, Matting and Rugs, Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS AND JACKETS, “"Ci deen om! New stock OF PRESS GOODS & SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings

P, J. Young Dry Goods, Co., 7 “HuR&cH STREET

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
- Ill
THE ARGO.

PAUL F. WILLIAMS.

FARMS BOUGHT, SOLD, RENTED AND
EXCHANGED

349 GEORGE ST.. NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

STEWART’S HAT STORE

(Established 75 Years)

CAPS, DRILL GLOVES, AND FURNISHINGS
CHURGH STREET. NO. 29.

OUR. “SWELL
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

PEP HEED
PPPSPHPHOD

; Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

9 Peace Sr. New BRuNswWIcE.

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins P h oto g fa p h Se r
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.
45 CHURCH STREET. 365 George St., New Brunswick.

I. S. VANIDERVEER

 

S. ZIMMERMAN

L. VOLKERT,
BARBER Merchant Tailor,
ALSO BIRDS AND FISHES

359 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE ST.

New Brunswick, N. J.
When patronizing. the stores advertised in our.columns, please mention the Argo
Hf THE ARGO.
CHOOL BOOK STORE

RUTGERS PREP. S

———_——

\. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND
380 GEORGE STREET,

Sweaters,
Jerseys,

WILLIAM GAUB

Dealer in All Kinds Of

Meats and Sausages

COR EASTON AVE, and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

417 George St.

a
HAGAMAN & CRATER

For styles that lead—we
are well known. No bet-
ter Clothing made than
Stein Block for the price
Headquarters for Sweat-

ers

No. 96 Church Street

  
    

LYONS & PARKER,

Clothiers and Furnishers

 

GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, y

—

Track Suit
; S,
Athletic Wear.

1 Paterson Block.

 

 

WILLIAM J. SENGS.

Rutgers Prep. School
Shoe Stores.

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.
Repairing Neatly Done.

Remember the two stores,
48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

V y os ” a ag g u
Vhen patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.
 

THE ARGO.

 

 

Vote XNIIL

New Brunswick, N. J., NOVEMBER, 1906.

 

 

 

oe
4 THANKSGIVING DREAM.

It was Thanksgiving Dav morning. The
gun was just Up and gave promise of a beau-
tiful day. As Jack Hartwell hurried along
the quiet country road in his automobile, he
congratulated himself again and again upon
having such a fine day to make his long trip
to the city. For on this very day the college

championship was to be decided in what
promised to be the best game of the season.
Jack had to make an early start because many
miles lay between him and the athletic field
and .¢ wanted to get a good place for his
car so that he could watch the game from it.
‘The machine itself seemed to catch the very
spirit of the morning and it seemed to Jack
as thongh it had never worked so well be-
fore. On it went; up and down hills, over
bridges and through woods. Every little
while 1 stray dog would run after it and bark
and then give up the hopeless chase.

About nine o'clock Jack found himself in
a smal country village about seven miles from
his destination. With a happy heart he put
on more speed and—stopped! Instantly his
face ~hanged from a smile to a frown, which
grew deeper when he examined the machinery
and found that a very important rod had
snapped. With a snarl he turned and started
off on foot to a blacksmith’s shop which he
had passed so quickly but a little while before
The blacksmith was just about to close shop
and go to church when Jack came in. After
Jack had explained his trouble, the smith re-
plied: “Well, you see, sir, if it was not
Thanksgiving I’d come in a minute, but I am
just going to church, so I’m afraid you'll have
to wait until 1 get back. Say, won't you

come along? Haven’t you anything to be
thankful for?” “No,” snapped Jack angrily,
as he turned and started back to his machine.
The -mith stood and watched him for a min-
ute, then he locked the door, and putting the
key ‘n his pocket, walked down the road.
Jack certainly was in a bad situation. The
blacksmith was the only person for miles
around who could fixe his machine, and now
he was on his way to church. “What does a
blacksmith want to go to church for on
Thanksgiving Day,” Jack mumbled, “I should
think that when he got a holiday he’d want to
go off and have a good time like other peo-
ple.” Still mumbling, Jack threw himself
down on a grass-bank near his stalled ma-
chine and looked down the road. Not a soul
was ‘n sight. No men were working in the
fields and it seemed just like Sunday.
Presently Jack heard a slight noise and
looked quickly around. A short man, dressed
in the garb of a Puritan, stood looking at him!
The sight puzzled Jack for a moment, but
then he asked: “Hello, old fellow, what’s
troubling you this morning?” The man did
not answer his question, but said: “I am the
Spirit of Thanksgiving. Hasten! for ithe
journey is long.” He had no sooner spoken
than jack found himself standing beside the
Spirit iooking in a window with a holly-
wreath hung in it. He gave a start as he
recognized the parlor of his home. Tt was
last Christmas and the room was full of
merry people. Yes, there was he himself re-
ceiving many beautiful gifts and having a fine
time, The scene changed! Jack was in a
thick wood with the Spirit. Suddenly the
Spirit jerked him behind a bush just as a
hunter dashed by closely pursued by a huge
bear. He recognized the hunter as himself!
- THE ARGO.

In attempting to jump a stream, he saw him-
self stumble and just as the bear was about
to crush out his life, a bullet from his guide’s
rifle laid the bear low. How well he rememb-
ered ‘his incident! Then the Spirit spoke to
him and said: “Young man, many good and
fortunate things have you received this past
year, and are you not thankful? Now T must
hasten on to show others their benefits—but
no! yet one more scene will I show you.”

Again the scene changed. Jack was stand-
ing by the Spirit in a large crowd. A dwell-
ing was burning fiercely! Suddenly a woman
with a child in her arms appeared in a win-
dow. A man in the crowd, whom Jack recog-
nized as the blacksmith, at once became wild-
ly excited! “My wife!” he cried, “Oh, save
her!” A single form rushed out from the
crowd with a ladder, and soon returned car-
rying the woman and child. The blacksmith
took his wife and child in his arms and said:
“The Lord be praised!”

Jack was on the grass-bank again, and the
Spirit was standing near. “Young man,” he
said, “ do you now see why the blacksmith is
giving thanks on this day? And do you not
think that you should be thankful also?” “I
certainly do,” said Jack and at the sound ot
his own voice he awoke. It was all a dream!
“Well,” thought Jack, “I’ve had quite an ex-
perience. I guess I have got some things to
be thankful for after all.” ’o7.

A DELAYED THANKSGIVING DINNER

One cold November afternoon, a party of
young people might have been seen riding in
a wood-sled up through the hills of Northern
Maine. The party consisted of Graham Cul-
ver, 1 prominent lawyer in Boston, his three
daughters, Ruth, Alice and Hazel, and Roy
and Edward Wilton, his two nephews. They
were ‘on their way to spend Thanksgiving at
the home of Mr. Culver’s father, who lived
with his wife and sister*far up in the hills.
The nearest Station, Rockville, was twelve
miles-distant ‘from ‘the old homestead, but the
merry party which were on their way up the

mountain thought it part of the sport to have
such a iong sleigh-ride.

Roy Wilton, who was now driving the
team, bad come up two days before, ang his
grandfather had sent him with the team to
meet the rest of the party at the station, Roy
was a young fellow of twenty, two years older
than his brother, Edward, and having Visited
his grandfather every year, he knew every
step of the road which they were now tray.
ersing.

‘About five o’clock in the afternoon, it began
to grow dark, but the party did not mind that
because Roy knew the way perfectly and they
had already gone six of the twelve miles. The
little party in the sled occupied themselves by
singing songs, and the time flew quickly for
them, until Hazel, the fifteen-year-old daugh-
ter of Mr. Culver said, “O dear, I just felt
sometning fall on my face. I do believe it's
snowing.” “I guess you are right, Hazel,”
Roy answered. “I just felt a flake myself,”
And ‘t was true. In a few minutes the snow
was falling so thickly that it formed a white
blanket over the occupants of the sleigh and
much laughter was caused when Mr. Culver,
by an inadvertent turn of his head, shook a
great handful of loose snow down his neck.
All were in the brightest spirits, when Roy
suddenly exclaimed, “It looks to me as if we
are on the wrong road, but in this blinding
snow I can’t tell just where we are. Well, I
think we had better keep on till we strike a
house and then we can find our whereabouts.”

This news somewhat chilled the ardor of
the party, who had not noticed the increasing
wind and snow. Now there was a fierce
mountain snow-storm raging about them. In
the face of the fine, driven snow which seem-
ed to penetrate everything, the horses could
go no faster than a walk.

They were all slightly alarmed now, be-
cause they weli knew what it meant to be lost
in the mountains in a snyw storm, which in
those sections often rages for several days.
However, they kept plodding along until Ed-
ward suddenly shouted, “I see a light!” And
THE ARGO. a

inde enough, on their left could be seen the
jaintest glimmer of a light. With much re-
sw spirits, Roy guided the horses toward
co weicome light and in a few minutes came
s jon a small log hut with several sheds back
af it, Stopping the horses, Roy got out of the
fed and wading through the deep snow, he
knocked at the rude, but- strong door. An
old hunter, for it was a hunter's cabin, came
to the door and upon learning their position,
he immediately invited them inside, while he
took the horses around and put them in one

of the sheds. 3

Meanwhile the hunter’s wife had taken the
party mto the house and hung up their coats,
and wraps to dry, while they sat down’ and
thawed out before a large wood-fire. Wher
the huater and Roy came in, they found that
they had wandered four miles from the main
road and it was only by a miracle that they
had happened upon a shelter.

The hunter, whose name was MacGuire,
said ‘t was impossible to proceed in the face
of the storm, so he and hi; wife set alout
making them all as comfortable as possible.
The accommodations were limited, but with
the aid of mattresses and furs, which Mac-
Guire himself had secured, they were all ar-
ranged for the night.

The next morning when they awoke, Ruth,
looking out of the window, said, ‘Where is
the barn?” And indeed no barn could be seen.
In fact it was snowed under and_ the
boys with Mr. MacCuire, had to shovel a
tunnel from the house to the barn in order to
feed the horses. The roads were obliterated,
fences covered, and there were drifts forty
feet ‘leep in the valleys of the mountains. It
Was impossible to proceed that day and so
the party cheerfully decided to make the best
of it and spent their Thanksgiving as pleas-
The hurter had on hand
Some venison, partridge, and wild turkey,
which under the skill of his wife made the
Most delicate and savory dishes. After their
Tepast the whole party unanimously agreed

antly as possible

they had never eaten a better ‘Thanksgiving
dinner.

In two days they were able to proweed and
when they reached their destination, old Mr.
and Mrs. Culver were greatly relieved to see
them safe, and that night they had the dinner
which they were to have had two days before.
To this day they have never forgotten their
Thanksgiving spent in the hut of the hunter
MacGuire. OLcorT.

EXCHANGES.

The Argo acknowledges with thanks the
following exchanges: The Academy Journal,
The Cardinal, The Echo, The Howard Col-
legian, Legenda, The Oracle, The Poly Prep.
Magazine, The Polytechnic, The Sibyl, The
Spectator, The Targum, The Tome, The Cut-
ler Fortnightly.

The Spectator, (Trenton High School) is
a successful number. ‘The stories are very
interesting.

The Polytechnic, (Troy, N. Y.,) is well
arranged, but could be improved by adding an
exchange department.

The literature in The Poly Prep. Magazine,
(Brooklyn, N. Y.,) is good.

To shave your face and brush your hair

And then your Sunday clothes to wear—
‘That’s Preparation,

And then upon a car to ride—

A mile or two to walk beside—
‘That’s Transportation.

And then before the door to smile,

And ‘hink you'll stay a good long while—
That’s Expectation.

And then to find her not at home—
That’s Thunderation,
THE ARGO.

14

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matt er.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

WILLIAM H. MAC DONALD,
Editor-in-Chief.
RAYMOND J. HENDRICKSON, Alumni Notes.

THEODORE N. POCKMAN,
EVELYN V. 8. KNOX,
ALAN D. CAMPBELL, Jr.,

FLOYD B. OLCOTT.
CLARKSON P. STELLE, | News.

HEWETTE E. JOYCE,
W. RUDOLF F. STIER, Exchanges.
ANTON RAVEN, JR., Annex Notes.

DUMONT F. ELMENDORF. t
TRACY S. VOURHEES, Business Managers.

{titorary Editors.

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents. .
All communications should be addressed to the Editor in-

Chief, R. P. S.. New Brunswick, N. J., and must be

accompanied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are must

cordially invited to contribute.

Before the next issue of theArgo, examina-
tions will be upon us. Already we sometimes

hear an anxious voice say, “My, 1 wish ex-
ams. were over!” Yes, examinations do mean
more or less extra work, still, have you ever
stopped to think what good this reviewing
does you? Call to mind some of the points
you pick up in studying for examinations,
which otherwise you would never have gotten.
Would you have stored away as many facts
if it were not for examinations? No! In
reviewing we all know we find point after
point, paragraph after paragraph, which had
entirely slipped our minds and which we
would have lost. But before examinations we
polish up whatever of the subject we have

retained and pack in again, more compactly

and more carefully than before, what we haye
lost. After this careful packing a great many
more facts stay with us than did before, Thus
is shown the worth of examinations,

With foot-ball
ready we are on our second round of speak-
ing. How we do delight to sit awed by the
grand eloquence with which those new (?)

come declamations;  al-

inspiring speeches are delivered. The aver-
ages, thus far this term, are above last year’s
averages. This is pleasing ; it promises an in-
teresting prize-speaking contest. Last year
thé first prize was carried off by a 1907 man,
and although this man is not with us this
year, the class wil do its best to uphold its

old glory on prize night.

 

If you happen to have some spare time,
don’t spend it in shooting spit-balls or teasing
your neighbor. ‘Think up a story for the
Argo. Don’t think because you are not on
the Board of Editors you have nothing to do
with the paper; the Argo is published by the
“Students of Rutgers Preparatory School,”
not by the Board of Editors. Write up a good
story and see how nice the results of your

imagination look in print.

As <o advertisers, we take pains to have on-
ly reliabie firms represented in our paper, and
as these people have been considerate enough
and have shown a desire to encourage us and
to help us financially by advertising in our
paper, the Board heartily recommends that
the students of this school patronize them.

Teacher—A fool can ask questions that a
wise man cannot answer.

Punil—That is why we flunked. Ex.
THE ARGO.

ALUMNI NOTES.

’92, Lane Cooper, A.M. Ph.D., was appoint-
ed assistant professor of English at Cornell

’96, Rapaljie, has been made superintend-
ent of the Pennsylvania Fertlizer and Chemi-
cal Co., at Mosac, Pa.

‘oo, It has been announced that Miss Jennie
A. Voorhees, is engaged to Mr. H. Beattie, of
Columbia, ’07. ,

’‘o2, Allan Devan is studying medicine at
Johns Hopkins Unversity.

’o2, N. C. Murray has taken up a course
in the New York Law School.

’03, Royal A. Stout is manager of Rutgers
Glee Club for the ensuing year.

Taverner ‘04, Homman ’os, Potter 05,
Andrea ’o5 and Black ’06, are singing in the
College Glee Club.

 

SCHOOL NOTES.
Mr. Powell—What kind of candy do they
make by evaporating a sugar solution?
W--n—Sugar candy.

Mr. Robins—With what radius do you

draw this circle?
_ W--k—f—With a radius equal to half the

diameter.

Text-books soon to be published—Olcott’s
Latin Grammar, Bascom’s Chemistry, new and
original.

 

Pupil, translating Latin—And they gather-
ed together in the moon.

 

Here he comes bustlir g in two minutes be-
fore the bell rings, new neck-tie, clean colar,
white cuffs, hair shiny from continuous brush-
in, shoes newly polished. O, yes! ‘He’s going
to declaim to-day, all right.

 

Mr. Mills—What was the religion of the

Carthaginians ?
McN-—I—Catholic.

15

Coming bugbears—Exams
form history. ‘> id “Fourth

 

Mr. Powell—I . . j
desk? Miers any coaygen: im this

‘W—n—Sure! There is some inside of it.

/ Miss Cary, in French—Why does the ad-
jective interessant follow the noun it modi-
fies ? ;

; S—le—Because it is not one of those ad-
Jectives which goes before.

; Mr. Robins—How many proved this propo-
Sition independently ?

N—n—I proved it independently after I had
seen +t done.

The faces of the multitude are turned to-
ward tim as he begins hs ascent; a thousand
eyes rest upon him as he mounts slowly aloft.
See, he stops a moment, and now descends!
Then a sigh of relief goes up; he has reached
safety. Dr. Payson has wound the clock.

R—v—s—They decomposed Artaphernes.

A Fourth former smelling chlorine gas—
My, that odoriferous!

A Jefinition given for destiny—“The place
where you are going.”

Mr. Powell—What is the usual accompani-
ment «f combustion?
W—n—Noise.

Dr. Payson—Don’t say that over again.
Miss P—s—I wasn’t saying the same thing;
I was saying something else.

Mr. Powell—Why do men not grow con-

tinually ?
Fourth Former—There wouldn't be enough

room fe them.
16 THE

PORTIA AS A DOCTOR OF LAWS.

The picture, from the “Merchant of Ven-
ice,” which stands out clearer than any other
in mv mind s that of Portia as a Doctor of
Laws. it places a wonderful woman in a po-
sition in which one can see both her wisdom
and kindness and her trust in the kindness
and mercy of mankind, :

In undertaking the task of setting Antonio
free, Portia is led first of all by her love for
her husband for he is grieving over the dan-
ger to his friend. She is impelled also by a
sense of duty, since it is for Bassanio’s sake
that Antonio is bound.

Portia learns almost too late of Antonio’s
peril, but instead of weeping over it as some
women would have done—if they had done
anything—she immediately forms her plan.
She has the sense to consult with an expert
in law matters, and combines her wit and
brightness with a lawyer’s training and knowl-
edge.

Portia in the cout is seemingly a grave
young man with his mind full of great ques-
tions and decisions, yet aware of the compli-
ment to himself in being entrusted with such
a trial. The judges of the court, the nobles
and the officials of the city gathered there,
she salutes with great dignity and courtesy,
making altogether a favorable impression. She
inquires who is the defendant and who the
plaintiff.

When the trial starts, Portia shows her be-
lief in the humanity of mankind, by trying to
get Shylock to show mercy and take money in
place of his bond, using the noble words
which start: “The quality of mercy is not
strained.” Failing in this attempt she endeay-
ors to arouse his passion for gold by offering
him thrice the sum due him. His refusal of
this ind the bitter hatred he shows fills her
with a great anger and a desire to put him out
of the way of ever being able to show such
cruelty. So she seems to decide against An-
tonio and bids the Jew prepare his knife. In
one last appeal to his pity she asks him if he

ARGO.

will not summon a doctor to stop the flow of
blood, but as he shows no mercy she decides
to show no mercy with him. She charges
him to shed no blood nor to take more or
less than a pound, else he should die. Her
anger is still burning against the Jew and
she corners him again when he tries to take
the money instead of his bond by ordering
that if he does not take his bond he shall lose
all his property, one-half to Antonio and the
other half to the state.

She shows great skill after the trial when
she uses their gratitude to get the rings away
from Bassanio and his friend. She shows in
this 1 woman’s love of testing a man. In
every way Portia shows herself to great ad-
vantage in the trial scene. HELM.

STATE MODEL SCHOOL VS.
RUTGERS PREP.

On Saturday afternoon, October twentieth,
we met, on Neilson Field, our first defeat, ate
the hands of the State Model School of Tren-
ton.

The game opened with the visitors kicking
off to us. We fumbled the ball and they fell
on it. They lost it on downs, but regained it.
We were gradually pushed back to the goal
line «nd then we held them for two downs,
but on the third down the ball went over the
line. They failed to kick the goal. Score 5-0,
in Trenton’s favor.

The second half opened with Wyckoff kick-
ing off to the visitors, who advanced the ball
half way up the field and then lost it on
downs. On a fumble they again scored a

touchdown, but failed to kick the goal.
During the rest of the half the ball changed
hands many times, but neither side scored. It
was ‘n the second half that Williams and W y-
ckoff distinguished themselves ; the former by
the great gains. made through the center of
‘he ‘ine; the latter by his excellent punting,
THE ARGO.

three forty-five yard punts, two re-

, touchbacks.

he end of second half, State school
’

making
sulting Ww
= t
score at
10; Prep»
The line-up was as follows:

Rutgers Prep. State Model,

Left End.
MacNeill, McGovern ...... VARS Barlow
Left Tackle.
Wyckoff J Betses tearoom Montgome
. Left Guard. °
Koehler ss-sseerestecestesseesenens Sha
Center. =
Nelson .--+++++° seetereer eee ens Walker
Right Guard.
Helm ..sceer erect sets tee eee sees La Baw
Right ‘Tackle.
Marclay, Blmendorf sccsearsieacses Swain
Right End.
Mitcheli ..--++++++-++ oepisiaara atc OUCWII
Quarterback.
H. Lyall, WLOOLROES: verecp:ere asters «sue Monnier
Left Halfback.
McGovern, Olcott ...+-++++++eeees Gaueret
Right Halfback.
C. Lyall, Gross, Black ...+-++-+++++- Dollon
Fullback.
Williams ...---+eee eee ceeeceeeeess Cleary
——————

RUTGERS PREP. VS.
POLY PREP.

In a hard-fought and well-piayed game,
Rutgers Prep. was defeated by Poly Prep. by
a score of 11-0. Both teams played a good
game, Rutgers Prep. holding very well, and
Poly Prep. showing ability in the use of the

forward pass.
First Half.

Prep. kicked off to Poly.” Poly return-
ed the ball, but soon lost it. Prep. was forced
to kick. Poly ran the ball back to the center
of the field, then took it down the field for a
touchdown, but failed to kick the goal. Score,
5-0 in Poly’s favor.

For the rest of the half the ball went back

17

and forth, and time was called with the ball
in Poly’s possession.
Second Half,

Prep. received, but was soon forced to kick,

0} Opis duo Wio’y Sur03 yda
: \ Y TTEq oly sty JoyFWw

the other. Poly ran the ball down a Prep's
goal, and although Prep. held very well, Poly
put the ball over in the last three seconds of
play. The goal was kicked. Score 11-0 in
Poly’s favor.

The line-up was as follows:

Poly Prep. Rutgers Prep.
Right End.
MG6i6 oi soscececanae ens Mitchell, (capt.)
Right Tackle.
Ketchem .......... cece eee eee eee Marclay
Right Guard.
Bartley: scicssivacswaniieae wives swiss Black
Center.
CLARE? cassoaareseisciseinersie Reeuee eee Nelson
Left Guard.
Sieprist ........sccuscsesececeees Koehler
Left Tackle.
Nash siisiisaicwswnerasdaepeensee Wyckoff
Left End.
Robbias .........++--- MacNeill, Voorhees
Quartérback.
Spadone ........cceee secre ee eeee H. Lyall
Right Halfback. :
Summer ......-+eee eee eee Olcott, C. Lyall
Left Halfback.
Shiels: sucswsacencuas Sangster, McGovern
Fullback.
Mulvihill ......... 2 cee cere reece Williams

Umpire, first half, Biglow ; umpire, second
half, Powell. Referee, first half, Powell; re-
feree, second half, Biglow.

Ee

RUTGERS PREP. VS. PINGRY.
In a hard-fought game, Rutgers Prep. lost
to Pingry at Elizabeth on Nov. roth.
First Half.
Pingry kicked off, but got the ball on a
fumble, and by a trick play made a touchdown.
They failed to kick the goal. Score 5-0 in
18

Pingry’s favor. Pingry again kicked off.
During the rest of the half the ball went from
one side to the other, a good deal of punting
being done.

Second Half.

Prep. kicked off. Neither side could long
keep the ball. The biggest gain was made by
McGovern on a forward pass. But finally, on
a long run, Pingry made her second touch-
down, but failed to kick the goal. Score 10-0
in Pingry’s favor. Prep. again kicked off, but
time was soon called. he line up was as fol-
lows:

Right End.

Shaan jis g's Wisisieisigierews Mitchell, (capt.)
Right Tackle.
AVI OE seis:a:e wiaeieserere airacnroiwinsiareieie ces Marcley
Right Guard.
i, Zeller sein wisencsis ereeseesewes Helm
Center.
"Tham en 'srsisieiesiaeccinreierwaten aerate ere Nelson
Left Guard.
PRICED Ficoss arn sa:0 8 Tecero Gs oree/Riore werarabaiore Koehler
Left Tackle.
Kester cravscsesa cases Gross, Elmendorf
Left End.
DAVIS (issarare as <tereieistsiavs MacNeill, McGovern
Quarterback.
SPEEDY” acisiere-swresereiscerers 9: H. Lyall, Voorhees
: Right Halfback.
Myers .....csccccvsccecces Black, C. Lyall
Left Halfback.
Snlorers: 20555905 seiiess Sangster, Olcott
Fullback.
RS Zeller? ancien te Pisce Vee ONS Wiliams

Umpire, Pike. Referee, Watson.

“FAITHFUL UNTO DEATH.”

One of Poynter’s paintings, entitled “Faith-
ful Unto Death,” represents a Roman guard
standing, spear in hand, at a gate of Pompeii,
with his face turned toward Mount Vesuvius
with its certain death. Before him on the
pavement, are scattered money and jewelry;
while behind him, in the burning city, the

THE ARGO.

terror-stricken people are rushing in all direc-

tions for safety.

‘The day had dawned bright and clear, with
no indication of the coming destruction. Near
the home of the commander of the guards, a
group of soldiers stood waiting for their ord-
ers. While they were discussing some sports,
planned for the afternoon, one suggested that
the weather was too good to last. “Never
mind, we will have enough fun before the day
is over,” answered another. The commander
then appeared and the men, after receiving
their orders, dispersed, some at once to duty,
others to their homes. .

Among those soldiers, who, later in the day
took iheir stand at the gates, was one far
nobler than the others. He was a Roman, in
the true sence of the word—faithful, obedient
and eager to serve his country to the best of
his ability. .

Soon after he had taken his place at the
gate, a slight earthquake, then a more violent
one, shook the city, exciting the people and
destroying a few houses. A little later the
earth shook again, this time angrily; but yet
the people did not leave the city.

Long before sunset, the city was darkened
by a thick cloud of smoke blown from Vesu-
vius. Suddenly the darkness was broken by
show?rs of red hot stones and pumice, and by
the Tomes of the now burning city. Then in-
deed did the people think of fleeing. Some
rushed to their homes to save their money,
but the wiser fled immediately.

Through it all, at his post stood the Roman
guard. “Come!” cried the excited throngs,
pushing him, “you will perish.” He shook his
head firmly and let them pass. His friends,
his wife, and his children came and begged
ier to ieave the city, but he only answered,

I have been orderéd to guard this gate until
Tam relieved. I am a Roman and will obey.
Go, save yourselves,”

For hours the mountain showered the city
below it, with ashes and stones. Near one
of the gates, the guard still stands—as resolt:te
THE ARGO,

frm as at first. He realizes he has b
vrgottel and forsaken, but he does not think
sven OW) of fleeing. Only a few are left in
doomed city. There is no one to say

He must choose between disobedience
a -pedience, between life and death. He
decides quickly and remains at the gate.

So at the city was covered, the Roman

still at his post was buried, provin

'f to be—as the title tells—“Faithiat

’o8.

and

the
him.

guard

himse
Unto Death.”

 

A TWICE TOLD TALE.

: A First Attempt at Oratory.

Once a Harvard student in his first speech
said: “Washington .is dead and Lincoln is
dead—Ahem. Washington is dead and Lin-
coln ‘s dead.”—A cough. Again he started:
“Washington is dead and Lincoln is dead —
er-r-r-in fact I don’t feel very well myself.”

Annex Notes

ROBIN HOOD.

In the days of King Richard, the Lion-
Hearted, there lived in Sherwood Forest a
highwayman whose name was Robin Hood.

Rohin Hood only robbed bishops and sher-
iffs and those who oppressed the people.

He !.ad many followers who were very faith-
ful to him, for he was kind, and always tried
to be just.

In Sherwood Forest was the Greenwood
Tree, under which was a seat covered with
moss. In front of the Greenwood Tree was
an open glade, where the highwaymen held
many feasts.

Whenever anybody joined Rebin’s band
Robin would clothe him from head to foot in
Lincoln green, which is the color of the sum-

mer ‘eaves, and gave him a good stout yew

bow. Robin’s costume was very beautiful
with gold and silver threads woven in it, his
bow was cunningly carved and inlaid with
gold and silver. Robin always carried with
him a silver horn with which, if he was in

=RANDOLPH=

Foto-grafer.

Studio, 319 George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument. Phone 229-w

Genuine Platinum Photographs
Special Prices To Students
College Snaps

We Make A Special Little
Picture

CALL and SEE US.

 

The Landsberg Store

1. 2, 3 and 4 Kine Bock

New Brunswick’s only Department
Store including full line of Men’s Fur-

nishings.

Bradley’s Pharmacy

Students’ discount 10 per cent. You
are entitled to it.
trouble, he could call his followers. P W | |
John P. Wa

If sve1 Robin wanted anything, he would go

 

to a tree, open a secret door, and disappear
for a moment and bring forth whatever he

wished. Ofter the band grew tired of staying HIGH GRADE TAILORING..
in the forest and would leave their forest home °**

and go forth to seek adventure. If they found
any man who proved to be a good fighter the
band would take him’ to Robin Hood and Rob-
in wld decide whether he should be admit-
ted to the band or not. When the band ar-
rived at the Greenwood Tree there would be
archery matches, wrestling and bouting with
the quarter-staff, followed by a great feast.
Robin Hood was really Earl of Huntington,
but he came to Sherwood because one day.
some of his father’s enemies came to his home
and Xilled his father and mother and would

15Church St.

New Brunswick
N. J;

Special

have kiiled Robin too, if he had not run away.
ANTON RAVEN. Discount
“Speaking of bathing in famous springs,”
said 1 tramp to a group of tourists, “I bathed
Presa rs oc Reem

 

in the spring of ’86.”—The Valkyrie.

 

 

REED’S"Contege Man’s Clothes

Are you acquainted with Reeds’ and their

AUTUMN SUITS and OVER- College Men’s Clothing.
COATS, FURNISHINGS Do you realize that their College business

is probably the largest of any outfitting house
e ZHEADWEAR @ in the ome argest of any outhtting house

i ees . .
Nothing is gained without effort—success

and Outfittings Generally breeds success. The right kind of goods at

fair prices have made this great business pos-

are ready sible.

REED’S 14241426 Chestnut St., Philadelphia

 

 
THE ARGO.

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

“=~ 420 George street —S_"

es

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder
Soda and Milk Shakes,

CHARLES TAMM
BOOKS, STATIONERY and
SPORTING GOODS 44 ALBANY ST.

LOUIS LEITHEISER, GO TO. i...
Barber and Hair Dresser | SEIFFERT BROS.,

, Soap, Combs, Brushes

 

 

 

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
117 Albany St, Sporting Goods.
New Brunswick, New Jersey. 50 Dennis Street.

 

 

RUTCERS STABLES. 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

  

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention the Argo.

 
 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J
FOUNDED 1766.

See eee ee eee es
Stee eee ree es

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. M., Greek and English Master.
LINN R. BLANCHARD, ‘A. M., Latin Master,
J. LESTER ROBINS,B. S., Mathematics -
RHYS POWELL, A.B., Science Master.
VINTON D. TOMPKINS, Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.

MISS SARAH F. CARY, French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,.
MISS MARY GREGG, Instructors,

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master.
New Brunswick, N. J.

en
