 

 

 

 

 

Commencement Number

JUNE
1920

 
THE ARGO

COMMENCEMENT NUMBER

JUNE

1920

Vol. XXXI. No. 9

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 
The Rutgers Preparatory School

154th Anniversary

Fray, JUNE 47H
Closing Exercises of the Elementary School.
Primary Grades at 9.00 a. m.
- Grammar Grades at 10.30 a. m.
WepNEsbAy, JUNE 91
Class Day
On the Dormitory Campus, George Street
Headmaster’s Reception
At 696 George Street
Tuurspay, JuNeE 10ru
Commencement
At Kirkpatrick Chapel
Address by Earl Barnes, “The New Era”
3aseball Game
At Neilson Athletic Field
Prep. vs. Alumni
Alumni Dinner and Reunion
At Hotel Klein
Senior Dance

At Montalvo’s Hall, Albany Street

7.45 p.

8.45 p.

11.00 a.

3.00 p.

7.00 p.

8.00 p.

m.

n.

 
 

— ene,

BOARD OF EDITORS
Editor-in-Chie
Gitor-tt-CMMef cence oe vr ale ee ee Asner ATKINSON, JR

«lssociate Editor... A. YARNELL KUMLTILAU

 

School Newsiaac8 \ soem Dana B. ScuppER .
ET OPEN OLS ARP NGS cee» Jack R. Rairr
AEDES Gene. Was oe M. Birney Wricit
Exchanges: 000. DorraNnce HUBBELL
Business: Manager: gs iiwic ices oe oe eee ee Cuaries E, THOMPSON
Assistant Managers sig :c0 4% Shs ncticleteay 6 ale oe Jack L WASHBOURNE
EDITORIAL 5

After three months’ intermission the regular board is again resuming
its duties on THE Arco. We congratulate the other boards on the fine
showing they have made and sincerely hope that the experiment has been
a success in the school. As A:

—_—

Spring comes ‘round once a year, and with it come examinations and
graduation. With it, too, comes the time when Tite Arco staff must
make its last effort and depart. 3

We have done our best and we hope that our effort has not been in
vain. This year Tur Arco has flourished, thanks to the support of the
school and the work of Mr. Overbagh, and we hope that you have enjoyed
the stories, jokes and editorials.

So farewell, dear friends; we are about to pass into oblivion, but be-

, the copies on file, over which we labored

hind us we leave a memorial
AvA.

day and night.

 

Subscription price, per year, $1.00 (in advance).
All. communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-Chief, R. P. Ss. New
Brunswick, and must be accompanied. with the name of the author.

unications to Business Manager.

All business comm
favor by writing on one side of the paper only.

Correspondents will confer a great

Officers of the school, students, and alumni, are most cordially invited to contribute.

Entered as Second Class matter in Post Office at New Brunswick, N. Je
under the Act of Congress, March 3rd, 1879. 5

Sern

 

 
4 THE ARGO

ee ARCTIC DISCOVERY
AsHER ATKINSON, JR. :

The theme of discovery and expedition in the cold North forms a very
great and interesting study. To observe the successes and failures of
great men in these regions ought to satisfy the adventurous spirit of
young and old.

Little, to be sure, is known of the very early expeditions of the Tce-
landers and Norwegians. These hardy people braved the icy sea in very
small boats and it was believed that they reached the American continent
as early as the year 1000.

However, after the time of Columbus, when the Spanish held control
of the seas, the other nations, especially England, were desirous of discov-
ering some trade route which was not controlled by their enemies. Hence
a northwest passage was sought for.

In 1517, Henry VIII commissioned Sebastian Cabot with the task.
He set sail up the eastern coast of America and reached a latitude of 67
degrees 30 minutes N., that is, about 120 miles north of Hudson Bay.

Other explorers followed him, among whom were Hudson, the discov-
erer of Hudson Strait and May ; Baffin, who discovered a bay named after

‘him; and Davis, the discoverer of thé strait which bears his name. These

men made important discoveries, and the last surveyed and explored lands

_ that had been already found.

Believing Hudson Bay to be an outlet to the Pacific, Hudson in 1610
set out on another expedition to explore further. Bad weather beset him
and he soon ran out of provisions. The crew mutinied and set Hudson in
a small boat and they themselves returned to England. This was the
last heard of this great explorer and was one of ithe first tragedies of the
North. :

In 1734 a reward was offered by the English Parliament of £20,000
for anyone discovering the northwest passage and a further reward of
£5,000 for anyone reaching a point within one degree of the pole. This
incentive caused more interest in the polar expeditions of the time.

Sir John Franklin was the next man to follow.

Nes : 2 wv He set out in the
Ierebus” and “Terror” in May, 1845,

Two weeks later he was seen for
the last time. . Alarm, however, was not raised until the

/ following
spring, when he failed to return. -

1 Numerous men went out to his rescue
and Lady Franklin spent her fortune in repeatedly sending

i Thi : out ships f
him. This flocking ships for

to the North brought forth many important discov-
eries and also surveys of the discovered regions. Many parties feeeived
news of the Franklin expedition, although they were not authentic and it
Was not until 1857-59 that MacClintock found any authentic econ of the
 

THE ARGO 5

 

lost voyagers. He found several sheets of paper describing the wreck of
the two ships and the wanderings of the survivors. These discoveries
were followed by finding graves and skeletons of the explorers who had
starved or perished from the cold.

A theory was soon advanced that the very north sea was open water,
and so with this in mind Dr Kane, an American, started out in 1853 and
for two years explored the North, He reached the highest point north, up
to this date, and reported that still further north there was open water.

The motive of reaching high latitude was then instituted and the next
man to establish a record was Nares, who in 1875, by travelling overland
in a sledge, attained the high latitude of 83 degrees 20 minutes N.

As a result of constant observation it was found that the ice floe in
the Arctic Ocean went from Siberia toward the North American conti-
nent. With this in mind, Nanson in 1893 set out from Norway and sailed
along the coast of Europe and Asia until he reached Siberia. Here he
made fast to the ice, September 22, 1893, and drifted with it toward the
Pole. In this condition he travelled for about a year and a half, coming
closer and closer to the Pole. March 14, 1895, the ship discontinued the
northerly course and Nanson with one companion left the ship and made
* 4 dash for the Pole over the ice. For nine days they travelled and at the
end of this time the breaking up of the ice threatened them and they de-
cided to return to Norway. After travelling over ice for many days they
were picked up by a vessel and brought to land. These two men had es-
tablished a new record-for the furthest north mark, 86 degrees, 14
minutes.

The Duke of Abuzzi established a mark in 1900 of 86 degrees, 33
minutes, and Peary pushed still further north in 1906, coming to latitude
87 degrees, 8 minutes N., a point less than 200 miles from the Pole.

The Northwest Passage (for a long time the motive for Arctic explor-
ations) was at last discovered in 1850-51 by Sir R. MacClure, but he did
not pass through it. It was not traversed until 1906, when Ronald Ad-
munsen made the trip successfully.

In 1909 Peary again set out and travelled north as far as possible in
the “Roosevelt.” His previous expeditions had shown him that, to travel
comfortably and safely, the dress, diet, and customs of the natives must
be followed. He also felt that native helpers would be necessary. In
sledges he crossed the ice and April 6th reached the Pole for the first time
in history, accompanied by four Esquimaux and an American.

Thus the goal sought for for so many centuries was at last reached
and makes a fitting climax for the effort, expense, and loss of life spent

toward this end.
6 THE ARGO

THE POSSIBILITIES OF THE WIRELESS TELEPHONE

Dana B. SCUDDER

One of the greatest inventions of the present day, and one which draws

the attention of many people is the wireless telephone. This remarkable
invention opens up new fields for business, and the economic aspect which
it presents is attracting many business men and inventors to the accom-
plishment of greater things at a lower cost.
The growth of modern business has given rise to a demand for rapid,
inexpensive, and sure methods of communication. When first the tele-
graph was invented, tis was thought to be remarkable, and it soon arose
to be a most important factor in the business world. In place of the slow
and uncertain service of the mail, came this qick and efficient way of cor-
respondence, and it can be easily realized how much more rapid the trans-
action of business grew. In time, however, the use of the telephone soon
displaced the importance of the telegraph; and now we see the rise of
wireless telegraphy and telephony, opening up new fields and methods of
communication. The drawback of the first two was the absolute need of
wires, which involved enormous expense and labor in placing them over
the great expanses of land. Also its narrow channel prohibited any great
traffic to pass through it. :
Then all at once out to practically a world ignorant concerning the use
of the wireless, came the astounding discovery of Marconi. Here opened
a road which led to an absolutely new field; here was an econmoical
method by which no wires were needed. No expense need be incurred in
the laying of cables or the stringing of wires, and practically no limit set to
the traffic which might pass through this newly discovered, most economi-
cal, and highly efficient medium of air. The economy of this new inven-
tion, together with the efficiency, soon solved many great problmes which
had confronted the world, and the greatest value was the connection it af-
forded between the land and the ships at sea. This shcenict tones ote
Se
Societe ? : sands ives, and countless sums of

Now the radiophone, undergoing the most rapid development that
modern science can offer, presents a method both free from the use of
wires and the necessities of a code. Here alone we can plainly see that in-
stead of an expert telegrapher, or a confusing code, this rec ties ly the
conversation of every day business, and the services of at os a ; i
intelligence. Thus, more business can be transacted a one wick “
radiophone conversation than in five, or ten, or even oe

graph code. These two tremendous a 1 ja
g JUS advantages alone plaj ane
ges ne plainly signity that
FON 4 8

ee... ee
 

SI

THE ARGO

 

the wireless telephone will displace the wireless telegraph in comparatively
a short time.

The radiophone has already begun to solve one of the most difficult
of problems, those who direct the business of large lumber camps, mines,
or forest fire patrols. To string wires to outlying posts requires a great
expenditure of money, both in labor and material ; and when the outposts
are constantly changing, this expenditure increases in proportion. In or-
der to insure economical administration, these outposts must be connected
with civilization. Wireless telephony solves the problem entirely; no
trained operator is required; no expense wasted in the stringing of wires.
The apparatus is portable, and the original cost of installation is practi-
cally insignificant. In other words no matter how remote the outpost, or
how difficult the access to the place, here lies a way by which the remotest
lumber camp may be in constant touch with the outer world and the great
financial magnates of Wall Street even in touch with their field of action
in Montana or Alaska.

Great stress may be laid to this child of modern science, because of its
great importance in the war. On land or on sea, in the air or in the trench,
this invention played its part in ending the greatest war in history. The
battleship, the airplane, the battery or the farthest advanced troops were
constantly in touch with their respective headquarters. It was this that
brought the efficiency of the army and navy to the high standing they
maintained in the war. As the airplane is said to be the eyes of the army,
the radiophone may be said to be the ears of the army.

Of course the radiophone will never be as private as the wire tele-
phone but for general purposes this will not be a cause of failure. In
time of war, or when secrecy is demanded, a word code, or a wave length
code will serve to prevent intervention. :

Today when the growth of the wireless telephone is still so immature
the great advantages and the great possibilities cannot be very well con-
ceived, but it can be said without question, that its growth and usefulness

will be absolutely without bounds in time to come.

 

THE SCHOOL PAPER
Orro KoLLMORGEN
Just the other day I was walking home from school with my copy of
the Arco, which had just come out, when I was stopped by a former Prep

man, now going to Rutgers College.
“Say, is that the Arco? Let me see it a minute, will you? It’s years

Say, is
since I’ve looked at one of them.” Then he proceeded to glance through

the paper, and finally hand it back with a comment or two.

 

 
THE ARGO

d natural enough; but it goes to
i i : i of several
show what interest is taken in a school paper, even pA ee - Ss

years standing. Every day we hear such questions as Isn't t = RGO out
yet?” or “How is the ‘Dial’ coming along?” I can safely say t at every
issue of our school papef is read from cover to cover, and I think it is the

This was an unimportant incident, an

same case in other schools.
We can flatter ourselves th

cess. This is not an accident, but the result of carefu

work. Let me tell you some of the things that are necessary

at the Arco is, as it has always been, a suc-
] planning and hard

for producing

a good school paper.
First, there must be a faculty advisor.
and determination. In many cases he is the one who has to start the

paper, and keep it going. You will find many students willing, even anx-
ious, to take control of the paper, but how many of them would still be on
the job after the first issue or so, were it not for the encouragement of
their faculty advisor? This is by no means his only duty. He must super-
vise the publication of every issue, and not only that, but also take care of
the financial end. Often he makes good a deficit out of his own pocket.
It goes without saying that he must have a lot of time to put on the paper,
the ability to work hard, and a liberal education.

Next comes the editor-in-chief. He must be selected with the greatest
care, and should have been trained as a reporter. He is largely responsi-
ble for what appears in the paper, and must allow nothing to appear that
is derogatory to the school in any way. To him should fall the work of
selecting and arranging the material that is handed in. He must be able to
devote a lot of time to it.

Of course, every paper must have reporters. In school papers they
are sometimes known by other names, such as department editors, or asso-
ae ac — ste be — or the school happenings accu-
rately, yet in an interesting way. ‘hey should no inj i
all their copy, and they Should annie ie trite ee eee
in modern journalism, where every investigation ie me ny oe oe aed
ner or dance a “social function,” and where the a Bre oe sine
“vast” one. Instead the reporters should cultiy Se at a

: t porter eholt cultivate a free and natural style
which will be a great asset to them in later Xears. ee

School papers, especially those appeari ewe :
complete without one or = stories witht aa iE plone pene
very hard to get, and prove unsuitable when they a : These are often
in this direction may be encouraged by the offer ae
short story contributed during the year, or for the
any assigned subject. As a last resort, the teache

He must be a man with “push”

Activity
of a prize for the best
best essay handed in on
rin English may select
THES ARGO 9

from the themes prepared by his classes any one suitable for the paper.

; Finally, there is the business manager. He has a lot to do, but re-
ceives little credit for doing it. He has to see to it that the paper is
printed on time, that the subscriptions are all paid and he copies sent off
to outside subscribers. If the issue is a good one, the editor is congratu-
lated, and the contributors’ names appear in the paper, but nobody ever
thinks of the trouble it took to bring the issue out on time.

This covers practically everything save the tone of the publication,
Anything which tends to undermine the school spirit should not appear in
the paper. The teams should be backed to the utmost, and not have their
failures derided. No member of the faculty or student body should be

held up to ridicule or scorn. A little good-natured chaff is all right; in

fact, there is, in most papers, a column set aside for that purpose. And
above all, the paper should not be used as a means of “setting even” with
some one. This is seldom done, but when it is, it injures not only the
paper itself, but the whole school. :

Work ona school paper takes a lot of time, and some may ask, “Is it
worth it?” Well, at present something like fifty universities are offering
courses in journalism. What could be better training for such a course
than work on a school paper? Even if one does not intend to pursue such
a course, he will find the training he kas had almost invaluable. And who
can say that a student who works hard all year on a school paper does not
do his school a great service?

 

PROPHECY OF THE CLASS OF 1920
Epwarp J. DANFortTiH

“New Brunswick! New Brunswick!” shouted the trainman as he
opened the door. I was making my first visit to New Brunswick since my
graduation from Rutgers College ten years before.

After leaving Rutgers I had received my Master’s degree at the Yale
Forestry School, and then I had obtained a position with a large lumber
company in Canada.

Five minutes walk brought me to Asher’s house, and as I had thought
likely, he was not at home because he was a very busy man, having gone
into partnership with his father as city engineer. At this particular time
he was occupied with the building of a new, much improved airplane sta-
tion and landing field ; the best in the United States. I stayed with Asher
for about a week, and in the course of events he took me to call on the
Mayor of New Brunswick. To my astonishment I found this dignitary
to be no other than Yarnell Kulthau. Now I knew who had brought about

the great changes that I had noticed in rambling about the city. A police-

 
10 THE ARGO

oni
eet corner, the streets were spick

man was to be seen at almost every str
f the streets had been

and span,” and at last sign post bearing the names 0
erected at every corner.

After leaving New Brunswick I w
met my old friend “Bill” Stocker. He
manufacturer of “Roseberry Kisses’—candy
formed me of the whereabouts and doings of severa

famous class of 1920.
“Hansen,” said Bill, “is the graceful leader of the ‘Metuchen Sym-

phony Orchestra’ which refuses to give concerts in any city smaller than
their home town.

“Van Wagoner is the sedate and very strict hea
academy. He teaches French and is said to know from experienc
practice—all the boyish tricks, so that no one can ‘put anything over’ on

ent over to Staten Island where I
had made himself famous as the
ones, of course. He in-
1 other members of the

dmaster of a southern
e—and

him.
“Newburgh’ Gillespie has found that one of the disappointments of

keeping house with ‘Dot’ is that he can no longer look with anticipation
for the coming of the postman and that daily letter. He has become Head
Foreman in the DuPont plant at Newburgh.”

After leaving Staten Island I went up to New Haven and visited some
of my Yale friends. There I found that Otto Kollmorgen was one of the
professors in the Latin Department. He also gave me information con-
cerning some more of our classmates. Said Otto: “Malcolm Noyes and
Conrad Stumpf have hit the trail together. During the summer they can
both be seen and heard on Chautauqua platforms. ‘Mal’ Noyes is posted
as Prof. Noyes, and orates vehemently on ‘Why Africa is hot.’ ‘Connie’
Stumpf is a lecturer on ‘Aircraft Designs.’ He draws the designs on
large sheets of yellow paper as he talks. They say that the only training
he ever had for this was the practice he got way back in the Prep School
Chemistry class, where he and Raiff used to exchange drawings.”

de ‘Stew’ Terill went back into the Navy and worked his way up toa
midshipman.”
Sea E. Kickrode ps ie over his father’s rubber business and
is making a big success. The chemistry si cinese ie hi
cialty. They ast that once he made che 7 7 ee eg
i ) getting to his office on
time every morning, for a full month straight.
s ‘Bill’ Kingman is another one of our classmates who graduated from
Rutgers College. He then moved back to Newark where he is running a
depantnent store and managing the Newark Baseball team at the same
time.

From New Haven I went to Boston. There I ran across Dana Scud-

 

 
»

THE ARGO 11

 

der who was chief agent for the Cadillac Automobile Co., in that city. In
both his last two years at Rutgers, he made the All-American Football
team, filling the place of left tackle. He had just received a letter from
Ray Scudder who also became well known in athletic circles, as a member
of the Yale ‘varsity eight.’ While he liked North America very well he
finally found himself back in Honolulu where he is now running a large
hotel which is patronized mainly by people from the United States.

Last but not least is our quiet friend “Kon” Shimizu who came to us
from the Imperial University of far away Japan, to become better ac-
quainted with our language. After leaving Prep he spent a few years at
the Yale Graduate School, where he studied political economy and science.
Two years after he returned to Japan, he was sent back to this country as
the Japanese Ambassador.

As my time was limited I only stayed in Boston for one day. Once
seated in the train that was to carry me back to Canada, I thought over all
the events of the trip and felt that I had been lucky to either meet or hear
about all of my Prep School classmates of 1920.

 

CLASS DAY ORATION
A. VAN WAGONER

Ladies and Gentlemen, Classmates in 1920.

Education is at last being recognized by the people as a necessity in
the lives of their sons and daughters. Not so very long ago it was the
opinion of many that, once they had finished high school, their education
was complete. It is true that many men, without a college or even a high
school education, have had brilliant careers. These men, however,
achieved their greatness, in many cases, against others of little or no edu-
cation, like themselves. They fought against no great odds; but, had they
had the brain training,
lege education, how much easier would their battles have been!

We live in a different age. We are up against men of college educa-
tion with all its benefits. How little would our chance be against men of

to-day if we were uneducated, that is to say, if our minds were not trained

to equal or surpass theirs?
Carlyle speaks of an educated man as one who stands, as it were, in

the midst of a boundless arsenal and magazine, filled with all the weapons
and engines which man’s skill has been able to devise from the earliest
time; and he works, accordingly, with a strength borrowed from all past
ages. How different is his state who stands on the outside of that store-
house and feels that its gates must be stormed, or remain forever shut

against him.

the thought development of a secondary and col- .

 

BRITS eS eR
12 THE ARGO

s time, even more so is it true
our weapons and en-
Think

True as this statement was in Carlyle’
to-day. Our boundless arsenal is the schoolhouse, /
gines of war are our text-books and the helps given us by teachers.
how hard it would be for the person outside to get an education without
these advantages. i

The way in which we, the class of 1920, can bring the most praise and
tribute to the Rutgers Preparatory School is to continue our education
into college. As a school is judged by the fellows it turns out, so are the
fellows judged by the school they are from. Therefore, if we go out and
make a good record in college and in life we reflect praise back to our
school, which, is, in turn, re-reflected back on us for having graduated
from there. :

Education is necessary, education is essential; with it we stand a fair
chance; without it we must be led instead of being leaders!

PRESENTATION

To-night is the last night in which the class of 1920 and their friends
will be together.

One of the other members of the class has told you what we have
accomplished during our four years in Prep. Now it is my place to tell
you what we will leave for our remembrance. Of course, our spirit will
be remembered by our teachers and our lower class men — but in time
these teachers and lower class men will have left Prep. So we desire to
present something to the school—that will remain as long as the school
exists—and that will be forever.

The class of 1919 partially donated the funds to erect a memorial tab-
let in honor of our alumni and schoolmates who donned the khaki or blue
during the late world war. Some of the names will have to be marked
by a gold star, because they have given their all in order that we may
live in the state of democracy and not autocracy.

Two members of the class of ’20 gave up their studies and answered
Columbia’s call. They are Raymond D. Scudder and Stewart Terrill.

Ray enlisted June 10, 1918, in Hawaii, in the Signal Corps. He did
not obtain the chance to go “over there” but he was ready.

Stewart Terril enlisted May 5, 1917, in the Navy. He did convoy
duty along the coast of France till the armistice was signed.

The other members of the class were too young to answer the nation's
call to fight on land and sea, but they answered the nation’s call to back
up the boys, and they did, 100 per cent strong.

As president of the class of 1920 I present to
to erect the tablet in honor of our de
world war.

you the balance needed
ad and living heroes of the late

 

aa eens = AB
THE ARGO 13

 

 

 

 

“RASPBERRIES”
WILLIAM R. STOCKER

ra at of the faculty, classmates and friends.

e have come together to-night to celebrate the class day exercises of
the class of 1920. Other speakers will give the history, prophecy and ora-
tion. I have been called upon to hand each Senior an appropriate present
—one which that person needs very much.

The first on the list is Atkinson, our promising young engineer. Ash
is a pretty good fellow but there’s one fault with him—he’s too bright.
Present—Building blocks. .

Next comes Danforth, our graceful Apollo from the wilds of High-
land Park. He rides around town on his bicycle all afternoon giving the
pretty damsels the treat of their lives. Present—Monkey on bicycle.

Eckrode is Danforth’s biggest rival in vamping the sweet innocent
damsels of Highland Park. LEcky is a peach of a fellow but alas he’s in
love. Why say any more about it? Present—Doll.

Next on the list is Gillespie, the answer to a maiden’s prayer. His
very name suggests the nice moonlight nights up along the Hudson. We
hate to see you fall so early, Gil, but here’s wishing you and Dot the best
of luck. Present—Marriage license, certificate.

Hansen is the village dude and cut-up. He leaves the big city of Me-
train, fools around downtown and calmly walks in
about an hour late. “The train was late, Mr. Kelly.” Present—Train.

Kingman reminds us of an old beer label, the Pride of Newark. Bill
always goes up to the other end of town almost every day. He has quite a

lot of friends up there. P

tuchen on an early

resent—Catalog of Women’s College.

Kollmorgen is the sleeping beauty. He has a regular habit of arising
at 7.29, getting dressed on the run, and breezing into the dinnig room at
7.30 just as Mr. Kelly is about to say grace. Present—Bed.

Kuhlthau keeps himself hidden in the wilds of Milltown. The town
would be nothing without him. He pulls the same excuse every morning.
“The car was late, Mr. Kelly,” and gets away with it. Present—Car.

We didn’t know what to give Noyes. Perhaps this present would have
ful to him if he got it earlier in the year. Present—Pair of

 

been more use
rubber heels.

e's inister’s S ‘ so
Nate Scudder He’s a minister’s son, is big and

is a regular devil.
but you'd be surprised when he goes out in this. Present—Flivver.
Ray Scudder is just as bad, if not worse than Nate. Ray especially
ine to throw and gets away with it. Present—Hula girl.

pf, the Curtiss Aeroplane Co. would go out of

1 the Chem. period drawing all kinds of flukey

clumsy,

has a nice |
If it weren’t for Stum
He used to spen¢

business.
Present—Aeroplane.

models.

 

 
14 THE ARGO

is a bright boy

Shimidu, our classmate from the island of Nippon,
heard that he

compared with us, but it doesn’t mean anything. We have
intends to be a cook. Present—Frying pan.

Next comes Terrill, a sort of Mystery Man. He is quite modest, but
he told a few of us confidentially that being Admiral in the U. S. Navy is
an easy job, that’s why he gave it up. Present—Boat. :

Van Wagoner, the pride of Flatbush, is the next victim. He is some-
what human in spite of his many faults. Present—Joke book.

Prentice, our Venus from South River certainly can vamp the wild
women there.” He smokes the same old pipe so it’s about time that he got
a good one. Present—Corn cob pipe.

 

School News

LAA EEO

Dana B. ScuDDER

May 24. Prep has this year a much larger list of prizes than in any
previous year. For instance, last commencement there were only three
and now the list of three has grown to be a list of ten. Tue Arco and
Dial prize is a gift in shape of a watch charm for that member on the
staff who has done the most in making the paper a success. The Joyce
Kilmer or English prize is awarded to the best writer of English prose or
poetry. In honor of the great historian Alexander Johnstone, who once
used to be a teacher here, the Alex. Johnstone prize is awarded to the best
historian. Likewise the Mathematics, Latin, French, Science Prizes are
all given to those who stand the best in the class. We next have the
McGovern prize which is awarded to the athlete who holds the highest
scholarship. The Liberty Loan prize is awarded to the best all-round
man in the school.

At a meeting of the faculty the following were chosen as candidates
for the Liberty Loan Prize—Atkinson, Kingman, D. Scudder, Anderson,
Manning and Wright. On collecting the ballots, Kingman gained the vic-
tory over Scudder by a 36-26 count.

May 25. Diucing <iamnuasal Mr. Midkiff stirred the school up with his
talk on the lack of “pep” both in school spirit and the spirit in the baseball
team.

May 26. “Dan” Machlin > driv .
balls which are to be ne ete a = vistas a oe

aig iene ee ie winning the all-city cham-
pionship. As he has entered into it with a lot of “pep’” it is no doubt that
he will get the money desired.

 

 

ean |

Se.
TIE - ARGO

TRAP NOTES

a snag fecemae eae Friday, April twenty-third to spend
ee wood, New Jersey, as the guest of Mr. J. P. Stout of

da 9 - While there he addressed the Parent-Teachers’ Asso-
ciation_of school number one of Lakewood. Among those present at the
meeting was Mr. Tunis Bergen, a Trustee of Rutgers College.

Saturday night, April twenty-fourth, Mrs. Overbagh’s father, Mr.
Snyder, and brother, “Bob,” came up from Pennsylvania where they, with
Mr. Overbagh, had been visiting a school. They stayed over night at the
Trap and returned to Saugerties Sunday afternoon.

The week-end beginning with the twenty-third, Thompson, Machlin,
Smith, Gillespie and Blume, spent at their homes.

Sunday night, April twenty-fifth, Mr: Kelly took charge of the Bible
Class in the basement of the Delta House. This was the first Sunday
night in several weeks ‘that Mr. Kelly was able to be with us.

“Bill” Kingman left to work on the railroad, April twenty-fifth, but
soon after he started work an order was sent out by the railroads releas-
ing student firemen and engineers as the companies had the strike situa-
tion well in their hands. During the height of the strike, however, hun-
dreds of College and “Prep” school men volunteered and were gladly ac-
cepted.

Buckbee returned to pack his belongings, April twenty-sixth. Buck
has had a bad year here and yet through no fault of his. He started
school a month late and shortly after Christmas was taken sick and went
home for over seven weeks. Here’s hoping “Buck” will have better luck

w

 

 

 

 

 

next year.
The track team went to Philadelphia, May first to run against the best

teams in the country at the Penn Relays. Although Prep’s team did not

take a place it could hardly be expected that they would as it was the first
meet of the season the team has entered. ‘
Friday night, May seventh, the Senior Banquet, an annual event, took

place at the Hotel Klein. Besides the Seniors themselves the Faculty,

(except Mr. Midkiff,) and Ritscher and Kingman, post-graduates, were
present. Mr. Midkiff because of his sickness was unable to attend.

May fourteenth the Trap fellows held their second annual amateur
night. Amateur nights were started last year and it was found at that
time that many fellows had talent in various lines, whether singing or tell-
ing stories, that no one expected them of having. This year it was decided
that each house should conduct its own act. The Gamma House led off
£316 THE ARGO

—_——— —_——

 

: saat
5 oie ; ea a rg aie 3 stice-
with a miniature circus which included a side show of a wild man, “slice
anese tumbler

of-ham” artist, fat man, dwarf, expert revolver shot, a Jap: :
and all the fixings that go with a circus except a tent. The world’s only
white elephant was among the other notable features. Mr. Allen of the
Alpha House gave us a few ditties from Washington Square, among which
was “Way Down South in Greenwich Village.” Hevia assisted with a
trombone. From the Delta House came a peerless quartet of Scudder,
Kollmorgan, Hill and Gillespie. Kollmorgan later recited “The Crema-
tion of Sam McGee” to an accompaniment by Mrs. Midkiff.

Saturday, May fifteenth, the track meet of Middle-Atlantic Colleges
was held in Neilson Field. Rutgers won the cup by one-half of one
point, the score being thirty-one and one-half to thirty-one. Lafayette
was runner-up.

The Gamma and Delta Houses had a friendly little affair the night of
May twenty-sixth. It was a contest between “The House Perfect” and
“The House Brutal.” ;

May twenty-seventh the primary and grammar schools held a May
Day on Neilson Field. No one would believe there were as many school
children in New Brunswick as there were at the exercises unless he was
there to see for himself.

May twenty-eighth, the contests between the two upper houses started.
Mr. Kelly offered two prizes ; one a banner, the other a picture, to be pre-
sented to the house that makes the best showing in the coming exams and
the house that has fewest marks and gets things cleaned up best before

 

 

Commencement.
THE BASEBALL SCHEDULE

R. P OPP.
Apr. 19. Somerville H. S.—at home. ............+.5 10 12
Apr. 24. Kingsley School—at home...... ite ees 12 5
May. 1. Morristown School—away.sisijsa tsk Bice, 0 6
May 5. Westfield H. S.—at home................ 13 10
May 79 Carlton Academy—at home...., Moortteees 8 9
May 10. St. Peter’s H. S—at home.....0......... 10 17
May 12. Peddie—at home.......-..0.........0005 2 16
May 15:°Péennisivton—away .v.33 fae Fieger 1 11
May: 17.''St: Peter’s H. S—away.. og 6 11
May 19. Lawrenceville—away ..-6... ech. c ee 5 13
May. 22.') Princeton :‘Prep—eway sic Se 12

May 26. Rutgers Reserves—away ..............
May 29. ‘Bordentown M. I.—away............ 0 13
June 1. N. B. H. S.—at home 5 E

 

 
 

THR ARGO 17

FINAL AVERAGES FOR R. P. BASEBALL TEAM, 1920
(Arranged according to batting average)
g. ab. or. h. 2b.3b.hr.shisf. sb. av. p.o.

 

a. ec av.

segs EUs 13 51 16 2114100 10 .416 112 2 6 .950
BDI ec hes 9 31 81012000 6 .323 50 16 6 .916
Scudder .......... 4 55 91740001 5 309 40 9 10 .831
Parker! caskon 4 6 110001 0 10 .244 22 28 13 .793
Tab: dovirins Sate 52h EA 12-1 O.40ed0l Shs23L 16K 3s" 775,731
Wood. hae 4 8 800000 2 18% 16 2 11 62
Eckrode 5412 800000 14 .148 20 36 13 .812
Wright 6.3. 2.1 0 61°80. 7 Jo 7-119, 3 .897
Noyes... m2 SO GOO O-14 006 5 19 7.774
Van Wagoner peel yet dS 8272). 0) 0-00 Ove 5 eed O21 6 93750.
Manning. Vesc.cnss 14243. 5°20 0-01.20, 7 2.046 26 220 12 «.793
Thompson ......... 1 10000000 0 =.000 0 0 O omar
Machlin soit. 20% ss 3 5.00. 0-0 0: 0' 0 1,000 1 1 4.333
Prentice... 282723 .0.< 4 5 0000000 0 .000 0 0 O - ate.sie
Kingman: .5265 2 gai. 6e-11"° 2°-0-0.'0 0° 0° 0.*'.0-.000" 3 1 1.800
457 76 96 7 6 1 4 1 67 .210 339 162 102 831

Double plays: Ide to Eckrode; Ide to Van Wagoner; Eckrode to Van Wago-
ner; Eckrode to Beekman; Van Wagoner to Manning; Noyes to Manning; Par-
ker to Beekman; Parker (unassisted).

 

PITCHER’S RECORD

g. w. 1. av.
Prentice. 2/c.0:5 gece 00 tie, tteieie aie aie oes 4 2 2 500
Noyes: schoo e erotbleieie oe e's wines ae 5 0 5 000
Wriphts nso oan aap ee 4 0 4 000.
Belcrode “o.ctcccne bs ie siete e's 82.8 Potts 1 0 1 000
Thompson ...---ssereree seers ence 0 0 0 oo,
Innings Legal Struck Baseon Hit Wild
Pitched atBats Hits Out Balls Bats- Pitches
man
Noyes ...----+- 59 262 69 27 36 5 12
Wright: ...---+- 38% -:172 46 11 6 5 2
Prentice ....--> 13 48 11 19 12 2 11
Eckrode ...---> 3 13 3 2 7 0 0
Thompson ..--- % 2 1 1 1 0 0

 

TRACK SEASON REVIEWED BY COACH
rs Prep was credited with no points in the summaries

Although Rutge 5 ;
theless it was credited with having a team,

of track meets this year, neverthel
and a team which, all things considered, did well. Those who know the

difficulties of building up track athletics in a small prep school will realize

 

 
18 THE AKGO

what has been accomplished by the boys who brought this sport back to
Prep this year and tried by their earnest efforts to make it a success.

The season started late, partly due to the cold weather. Thanks to
the college management we were given the opportunity to use their track
and apparatus, a circumstance greatly appreciated by everyone. The
Students’ Association granted us fifty dollars for travelling expenses and
entry fees, and this sum was further increased by a generous contribution
from Watari and another substantial donation from Mr. Neefus. The
management of the team was well cared for by Kollmorgen.

At the Trap a training table was established, and to this was due
largely the excellent physical condition which the fellows enjoyed all sea-
son, None were laid up because of injuries or sickness, and few ever
missed practice.

In the Penn Relays the team was put into too fast a heat and ran last.
Their time, 3:46, was only 5 seconds behind the winners and was faster
than the winners in two of the other prep school relay races.

At Princeton, Hansen in the high jump was the fifth to drop out;
Smith did best in the dashes but failed to qualify; the broad jumpers did
poorly, but Scudder in the shot did fairly well. In the distance Danforth
did well, finishing well up in the list, but failing to get a place.

Smith, Gillespie and Neefus will never forget the trip to New Haven.
The weather was disagreeable and the track bad, but the treatment ac-
corded the fellows, both at the meet and elsewhere during their stay at
Yale, was wonderful. In the dashes both Smith and Gillespie just failed
to qualify, while in the broad jump Neefus surpassed all his efforts of the
season.

It was hoped that some points might be gained in the Rutgers meet,
but the pace was again too fast. Both Smith and Gillespie did well in
their heats, and the latter would probably have qualified had he not been
set back a yard at the start. Scudder made an excellent put with the
shot, but disqualified himself by stepping out of the circle.

A large amount of credit is due Gillespie for his spirited leadership
and hard work. Smith, Neefus and Danforth were probably the next
best performers. Ray Scudder, Hemingway, Atkinson and DeVoe also
worked hard and steadily. Others who reported for practice and showed
improvement during the season were Ives, H. Naylor, Hevia, Hill, N.
Wood.

With a number of these fellows back next year, greatly improved by
experience, and with added material which new scholars normally bring,
we hope in 1921 to have Rutgers Prep represented not only by a team but
also by point winners.

 
THRE ARGO is

 

ee Sa ee

ELEMENTARY NOTES

ie final weeks of school seemed to have been the busiest, shortest
ones of the whole year. Each one realizes that it was his or her last
chance to gather together all the loose ends of work, in order to finish

with a high standing. The high marks on the Honor Roll is one way of
judging the effort.

 

Perhaps it would be well to say a few words about this Honor Roll,
which has been posted all year in the hall. It is a record of those who
have stood first in their classes each week, from the fourth up to the
eighth grade. Up to the time of writing, those who have succeeded in
getting upon the list most often, are—Eighth Grade: Clement Burr;
Seventh Grade, Julia Hann; Sixth Grade, Robert Burr; Fifth Grade,
James Deshler; Fourth Grade, Bernice Harkins. The next few weeks of
work’ may alter this record however.

We have had two interesting exhibits lately. The first was of sten-
ciled tables covers and pillow tops, done by the fifth and sixth grades.
Those made by Jean March and Carol Terwerda were especially well
done. After the stenciling was taken home, Miss Garretson exhibited the
clay work of the various grades, after it had been colored and fired. The
execution and design compared well with any that has been before shown.

The older girls have added something new to Elementary’s many
activities. They have formed an Outdoor Club, the first meeting of which
was held May fifth at the school. The officers are: President, Julia
Hann; vice president, Helen Ross; secretary, Jean McCormick. On May
12, they had a picnic meeting, and everyone envied them as they started
off with their brimming lunch baskets.

All the fresh green things of Spring seem to spell P-I-C-N-E-C, and by
the end of the year, each class will have had its outing. The third grade
has had so many invitations to bring their lunches and have nature study
in someone’s yard, that they don’t know where to go first. Janet Wal-
dron entertained them on Wednesday, May 12. eee afternoon,
Miss Hand gave her second grade a lovely party . 73 aa :

The following are the games and scores of the R. E. S. baseball team.

Metuchen 6, R. E. S. 9.

Freshmen 18, R. E. S. 17.
Metuchen 7, R. E. S. 5.
St. Peter’s 5, R. E. S. 8.
Metuchen 21, R. E- S. 4.
Milltown 13, R. E. Sell.

mo

li

 
io THE ARGO

Though ours has not often been the winning side, there has been good

spirit, and we hope for better luck another season. :

This June a record class is to be graduated from the R:. B.S) There
are fifteen fine members—Margaret Gutmann, Beverly Anderson, Clement
Burr, Carlos Echeverria, Donald Edgar, Henry Gwynne, Henry Hobson,
Paul Hull, Harold Kline, Paul Konski, Conrad Kulthau, Harry Mallett,
David Perry and Jonathan Ross. The class officers are: President,
Clement Burr; vice president, Henry Hobson; secretary, Margaret Gut-
mann,

COMMENCEMENT PROGRAM.

1? Song: Well: Spent’, /te.2 1 e astie s Se cee Terese 22 Bea ESS School
2. Address of Welcome ......-.- Ree Fe ees 8 dees Donald Edgar
Se Piano {Sol} ckecetc,o:9: cues y weanesseees a cieS’e BESO Satake ke ome Clement Burr
4, Class History. Syiviss ills foes din eiee aa eiere'e 2 Margaret Gutmann
Se Stor yiad. teed daregioe «Geer a eee eee 22s eines Henry Hobson
6: Sone, ASra, eos el ese scotia s elvan sigeitie le tf REE EES School
Zs, PYOPNECY? wisinnsiisweere « clncsnes abegecege Oe e  ee So Beverly Anderson
Henry Gwynne
S22 Violin Solo tian Lei ties. cies sees § eae EAT Harry Mallett
Oe Class Gitte see Paes eee 4,8 Fete ar eeeonate 6 oc Conrad Kuhlthau

David Perry
10. Jazz Band

11. Presentation of Gifts to School .........+.-see eee Harold Kline
12:""Piatio Solos? secky PRES esa Pi neon 8 comes Ve chatey 04 sinteanen's Paul Hull
13\- Class: Walls ees ate oc oriageis oe des |e eee 2 Leake Jonathan Ross
143-° Song) Tintcul onc hs eter d sctinaat « oregon ol Secneneis 4 shchoue ee wseieil School
15:'-?Presentation of Diplomas so seeu a: tong | ae y Byes Mr. Kelly

16. School Song.

EXCHANGES
Dorrace HuBBELL

Farewell exchanges! Our last, month together, so we will not attempt
to criticize, but thank you one and all for the compliments you have paid
and for the helpful suggestions you have made. Some of you have been
good all the time and some have been good part of the time, but none of
you have been bad any of the time! We want you all to come back next
fall, the we may once again enjoy a pleasant and profitable year together.
Good-by, true friends, till autumn comes with football once again. ;

The following papers have been received at one time or another during
the school year of 1919-1920: .

 
 

THE ARGO 21

Town and Gown, Mackenzie School, Monroe, N. Y
Carteret, Carteret Academy, Grasioe N. J ees
Targum, Rutgers College, New Baris N.J

Kent School News, Kent School, Kent, oo + :

Ye Man rOnic. i
Manor Chronicle, Bishopthorpe Manor, Bethlehem, Pa.
Penningtonian, P

ennington Seminary, Pennington, N. J.

Polygon, Polytechnic Prep School, Sian ee 7

Bema, Dartmouth College, Hanover, N. H.

Bulletin, Silver Bay’ School, Silver Bay, Lake George, N. Y.
Aisddjebury Campus, Middlebury College, Middlebury, Vt.

News, East Orange High, East Orange, N. J.

Rutherfordian, Rutherford High, Rutherford, N. J.

Skirmisher, Bordentown M. A., Bordentown, N. J.

Reveille, Peekskill Military Academy,, Peekskill, N. Y.

Academy Student, St. Johnsbury Academy, St. Johnsbury, Vt.
Mountaineer, Butte High, Butte, Mo.

M. P. S., Moravian Prep School, Bethlehem, Pa.

Chatham Chatter, Chatham High, Chatham, N. J.

Cutler Fortnightly, Cutler School, Madison Ave., New York City.
Trvonian, Irving School, Tarrytown-on-Hudson, N. Y.

Brown and I\hite, Brown Prep School, Philadelphia, Pa.
Hermonite, Mt. Hermon School, Mt. Hermon, Mass.

Drexerd, Drexel Institute, Philadelphia, Pa.

Periscope, Perth Amboy High, Perth Amboy, N. J.

Orange, White Plains High, White Plains, N. Y.

Phoenix, Pawling School, Pawling, N. Y.

Advocate, New Brunswick High, New Brunswick, N. J.

Triad, St. Peter’s High, New Brunswick, N. J.

Peddie News, Peddie Institute, Hightstown, N. J.

Morristonian, Morristown School, Morristown, N. J.
McBurncian, McBurney School, West Side Y. M.’ ©, As,. Ne ¥2G.
Friends School Life, Friends School, Schermerhorn St.,; Brooklyn,

ad

Trade Winds, Worcester Boy’s Trade School, Worcester, Mass.
Polytechnic, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, N.Y.

The Lawrence, Lawrenceville School, Lawrenceville, N. J.
Romon, Rome High, Rome, Ga.

Blue and Gray, Friends’ High School, Philadelphia, Pa.

wading High, Reading, Pa.
Red and Black, Reading High, ing, :
High School Recorder, Brooklyn High, Brooklyn, N. Y.

oes
22 THE ARGO

 

. PATRONIZE

OUR ADVERTISERS

 

 

 

 
 
  

GET INTO
THE GAME

with

Spalding
Equipment

 

 

 

 

_ The label in our clothing is like a gooc
insurance policy! i
Protects the wearer from worries. Gloves, Mitts,
Keeps saying, “I’m a Rogerspeeter and it’s 9
up tome to make good. If I don’t, fire me Bats, Balls, Ete.
back and get your money,”
No charge for the label!
The best of everything college men wear. Our catalogue is now ready:
It's yours for the asking.
Rogers Peet Company
Broadway “Four Broadway A. G. SPALDING & Bros,
at 13th St. Convenient 3¢ 34th St. 126 Nassau St., N.Y
Broadway Corners” Broadway T., N.Y.
at 41st St.

at Warren

NEW YORK CITY

Edward Hingher Co.

Telephone 639

 

 

Headquarters for Reliable Furniture of Every Description

Special attention given to all kinds of repairs and
finishing. Goods called for and delivered free

116-122 NEILSON STREET NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY
 

THE ARGO

 

 

G. H. BISSETT

Druggist
AGENT FOR

Huyler’s Bon-Bons and Chocolates
Cranes Fine Chocolates
Soda, Kodaks and Supplies
Developing and Printing

420 George St, New Brunswick, N. J.

Our $4.00 Hats Cannot be
Beaten in this City

Hodson Hat Co.

92 Church Street

Exclusive Hats, Caps and Ties
Special Values in Ties a

 

Lio: Van Derveer
PHO'OGRAPHER

345 GEORGE STREET
New Brunswick New Jersey
Rensselaer
%, Polytechnic
e iy, Institute,
. Troy, N.Y.
A Benes of Engineering:

4 Civil
oe - Mechanical,
YD Electrical.
GI Science.

 

Boys---During School Days Shop
for Your Clothing ana
Furnishings

at

TEPER BROS.

Athletic Goods

Spalding Line
AT
REED’S BOOK STORE

380 George Street

THE GLOBE FURNITURE CO.

Neilson and Church Streets

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

‘| ALL HOUSEHOLD FURNISHINGS

COMPLIMENTS
Or

GAMMA SIGMA PI

 

 

 

 
