FOUNDED

RUTGERS PRERARATORY SCHOOL

Decembor 17, 1947

Wer 2 Chr ist omg
a7 pg re,

By i Be

a.
Bo
CONCERT SUCCESS

Rutgers Prep took over Kirkpat-
rick Chapel the evening of
December twelfth when Maestro
Grove led the school's famed Glee
Club in perhaps the most success-
ful of its Annual Christmas Con-
certs. An unusually good crowd
was present to enjoy the tradition
al numbers and many new features.

First on the list of innovations
came the "Weepies", a choral group
recruited from NJC, who sang
several numbers alone and together
with the Glee Club. Their contri-
bution was perhaps most effective
in the performance of Fred Waring's
famous "'Twas the Night Before
Christmas", a Glee Club tradition.
John Whitehill and Rick Sherman
rate honors for this number also,
John for his guitar accompaniment
and Rick for playing the xylophone.

The Club's old standby, Eddie
Roberts, and Mr. Grove joined
forces in a "Rhapsody" for organ
and piano which was another high-
light of the evening.

Gene Escandon and Roy Gobel were
both put to good use as soloists.

For those few of you who missed
the concert and those who would
like to hear it again, the entire
program was recorded and will be
broadcast Christmas Eve over New
Brunswick's own WCTC.

Thanks go to Mr. Downie & Co. for
having decorated the chapel so
peautifully with Christmas trees
and greens.

It goes without saying that the
entire evening was a personal
triumph for Mr. Grove and his abil-
ity to produce those remarkably
fine programs we have come to ex-
pect from him and his Prep School
Choristers,

re ARGO

 

1889

MEW BRANSWICK MJ

Issue No, Four

 
   
 

is "
ADS:..ADS..ADS..AL

Mr. Shepard has told us that the
'48 edition of YE DIAL promises to
be better than ever, with more pic-
tures, more features, and better
coverage of individuals.

This is just to remind you that
the final success of the annual
lies not with the staff, but with
you and your ability to sell "ads".
It takes twenty-two pages of them
to finance the annual, and it takes
you to get them, Tom Beaudette's
"spearhead" committee is doing a
fine job already. Give them a hand
by selling at least one “ad" during
Christmas vacation. Get a contract
from Tom,

Remember the rates: $40.00 a page;
$5.00 for an eighth of a page. Use
your slide rule for the in between
rates.

DELTA OVER BETA -- -

The Delta House boys lead by the
height and scoring power of Diamond,
Wright, Gellatly, Opdyke and Jensen,
defeated the Beta House,

After the opening of thg game,
Diamond made the first score from
the foul line followed by a push
shot by Gellatly, Little scoring
followed in the first quarter as it
ended with a 4-4 tie. Then both
teams caught fires a push shot by
Schweitzer, a set by Powers, push
by Nyman, a hook by Hochman and a
rebound taped in by Kavanagh. The
half ended with a 15-14 score in
favor of the Delta House,

The third quarter showed a quick
lead by the Delta House with shots
by Diamond, Gellatly, Wright and
Opdyke, The Beta House tied the
game up at 24 all, but midgets
Powers, Hochman, and Schweitzer
were not able to cope with the great
height of the Delta House boys as
the Delta House tallied 34 points
to the Beta's 26,

 
RUIGERS PREPARATORY SCHOO:
L
VARSITY BASKETBALL SCHEDULE

1947-1948
Decs 7 george School A
eMary's (S.A, 3
Jan 10 Hun Rchoal : :
14 Newark Academy H
17 ~~ Pemnington Prep H
20 Scotch Plains H
23 South River A *
ss 50 Scotch Plains A #
Feb 3 Montclair Academy A
6 St.Mary's (S.A,) H #
10 Newark Academy A
15 Vocational School A
19 Hm School H
21 County Tournament
23 County Tournament
24 Montclair Academy H
Mar 3 Pennington Prep A
5 Vocational School H

* Evening Games,

afternoon, he means you. \we-wrang ran vrr mane -surergue peanuny vane
this to the attention of the ing the deficit to 14-13 with one
English department). . . We under- minute left in the period. Hines!
stand the venerable "Weepies" who bank shot following a pass by O'Leary
added so mch (??) to our concert and Abbott's free throw (George
have been in existence for twenty- School), tied the score 15-15.

five years. (My, but they're well

preserved). . .A word of apprecia~ Vasvary and Brown exchanged bas-
tion to the proprietor of the kets as the third quarter began and
Holley A.C. for entertaining vir- before the game was over, the score
tually the entire sixth ward with was tiod twice and the lead oxchang-
the televised Louis-Walcott Fight. ed eight timos.

» « » Doesn't this article remind

you of Indian names? Sitting Bull, O'Leary and Vasvary combined for
Standing Bull, Leaning Bull - It's three points and a 20-17 Prep lead

an awful lot of Bull. but Abbott sect one from tho foul
= ny po circle and Boyer caged a layup to
BEST DANCE regain a 21-20 cdge. Brown and

Nyman traded one-handers, Goorge

A totally different type of grid- School margin at the end of the
tron clash was held in our gyma- third session was 23-22,
sium on November twenty-second.
Instead of wearing football equip- Hines and Diamond each cancelled
mont and running plays, tho con- George School scorings with baskets
testants wore noatly attired in of their own; the lattor dumped a
formal clothes and were gracefully layup to give Prep a briof 28-26 ad-
dancing around the gym floor. This vantage. This load was soon lost
may sound funny, but if you had despite a short pop by Hannon and
been at our gym that night, you George School headed into the final
would have seen a gay affair at 50 seconds with a 51-30 lead.
thi ear's football dance given
by the seniors. We thank all the | “With play fast and furious, tho
students and teachers who deco- hand on the clock rolled around to
rated the gym, and we all take our tho 15 second mark, At this point,
hats off to Herb Beaujon who did Hines came through with the clincher,
the sketches and the mural,

 

‘ : Dance continued

Although the dance was formal,

the ot tho surroundings made the dance.

overyone fool at homo, including At about oloven-thirty the crowd

at which roamed aim-

ate bane tho dance floor and egan to dwindle, and by twelvo

the refreshment table, We still eVvoryone was off tho dance floor,

think it was somoone's blind date, heading eithor for home, or various
spots around the country. There was,

Again the music was supplied by however, one car in front of the gym

Goorge Bache and his orchestra, until twelve-thirty. Howard Rose

adding greatly to the success of would like to know WHO LET THE AIR
OUT OF HIS REAR TIRE.

 
