 
 

Vol; II, No. 5 Page © Jano 10, "64

 

VARSITY DEFEATS SADDLE RIVER "PToR5
SPIEGEL AND LANDAU HIT DOUBLE FIGURES

by Jay Greergarten 56
the fastelmproving varsity basietball squad hed it’s rourtt
congceutive victory \iednesday, at the expense of Scddle Niver Day
School, 77-45. Prep’s record now stands at 5-3

  

nd _ The Argonauts began their wirmin: etreak by defeating Jamesbur
venke with succeeding wins over the alumni,77-49 and St. Bernarde
om °

P The Rebels couldn't overcome the Prep fight advantace, and
Toll behind six pcints at the end cf the hee eee on by
salve at the half. Harry Spiegel led the scoring with twenty-eicht
points and 4111 Landay chipned tn with sixteen. ike Jacobs aid —
another fine job of dirceting the attaek, Ed Huber rebounded ani
Scored weil in the Prep victory.

Coach O*Connell expressed hia lelight in making Saddle River
the fourth ina row, bit felt the winning stronk could and should
continue for at least a couple of more games. He cited the rreat
Becond half drive in the Janesburg game as a turning, point of the
Beabon> He locks forward to a successful senson.

The next big game for the team, after today's game with Morris-
town Prep, is with archrival Wardlaw at tho Prep Gym, Wednesday.

DEBATES ASK AID { The Weekly <Arge
OF STUDLNT BODY
To the Editors Yolo TI, Noo 5 Jano 10, °64
We are currently researche “éitor: Patrieia Lynne Welzel 'é
ing this year's national debate
topie; " Resolved, that Social Staff: Linda Fisher '64, Kath
Security benefits be extended Canill °64, Litchacl Gottiien Yes
Lo include complete medical David Pickar '65,
oare >"
io & large number of doc= Letter Heading by !ichael Denker

tore belong to the School's
PoToAe, we aseaume that a larce
number of students are blessed
with hoards of information
which would be very useful to
UBo

We implore any etudents
having such information ( in
the form of phlets, maga=
zines, etc. to lend it to
us for awhile. We gusrantes
that this material will be re«
turned completely in tact

Thank-you ever eo much.

Adelphi Hall
Forensic Society,

Jay 40 Levenson ‘66
Vioe~Prestdent

 
