 

THE WEEKLY ARGO

Volo II, Noo? February 14, 1964

WiSS NANCY WARR DIRECTS SCHOOL PLAY;
PERFORMANCE SET FOR BEGINNING OF MAY

: by Katherine Molnar '66

Kiss Nanoy Warr directs a dramatio spectacle, "You Can't Take
It With You," with the cooperation of an enthusiastic acting group.
The comedy, written by Kaufman and Hart, will be performed on ilay 2nd
in Rutgers Prep Gymnasium. @ study of an extremely individual and
wild American family, the Sycamores, the play is a masterpiece of
oo ntersaateon and situation, both hilarious,and at times, ten-

uw

» . ou Gan't Take It With You" has been described by one critic

ag blessed with all the happiest lunacies, oo. for the Sycamore
family is the most glorioualy mad group of contented eccentrics
that the modern theatre has yet had the good fortune to shadow."
The story is of a family living near Columbia University who manage
to enjoy life greatly. The dialogue is clever and laugh-provoking.
The play itself 4s an example of theatrical craftmanship, using
odd situations and funny lines to show e wonderful attitude tovard
life. Written right after the Depression and before World War II,
the play served to cheer and delight the unhappy people of the 1930's.

The plet revolves around the love affair between Alice Sycamore
from the individualistic family, and Tony Kirby, the son of a reserved
and proper businessman's family. The humor arises from the contrast
between the two families, and the
hilarious results of the unlike=-
ness. Besides the daughter Alisa,

 

ARGOMAG EDITOR ASKS there is Grandpa, a character who
FOR LITERARY SUPPORT quit. business thirty-five years
ago und " has collected snakes
fo the Editor: and has gone to commencemen ta

and circuses3" his duaghter, Pen=
The Argomag is a wonderful ny, who writes plays because a
publication. But for some unde- typewriter was delivered to her
finable reason it has never home a few years ago; and hor
quite achieved the stata of eee ee SOT bo On Page 2
the other two ere

4s odd becuase the Argomar

the most personal of all three. STUDENT NAMED AS

The ia a written record TRESHMAN EDITOR

of the thoughts and inspirations

of the Student Body -- @ meaning- by Ralph Rosenberg ‘64

ful and intimate record. The dr- The has named Steven
gonag gives each student the Gottlieb as one of its fresh-

chance to say what he wants a- man editors. The other will be
bout anything he wants, anyway chosen at a later date. One of

he wantBo the freshgman editors will be
The purpose of the = chosen as editor-in-chief towards
mag ia more complex than 1 the end of hie junior year, after

sounds. The staff wants to pre- progressing through the positions
sent orginal and creative works | of feature editor, in hie sopho-

by a variety of studenta for more year, and newa editor in

ow mutual enjoyment. The staff his junior year.

enjoys putting out the magazine Asoording to editor-in-chief

and we hope you enjoy reading Ralph Rosenberg, the choice was

dite based on a combination of inter-
There is only one problem est, quality of work, and attend-

with the Argomag and it isn't BNO@o

ou fault. We need material and Gottlieb is also the vice-

we need it now. Please submit. president of his class, and a

fiction or poetry or art or member of the J.V. soccer and

ballads or stories or biograph- | basketball squads.
jes <= the possibilities are

unlimited.
Caroline Meuly ‘64
Editor of the Argomag

 

 

 
Vol. II, Noo 7 Page 2

February 14) i964

PREPSTERS OWPLORE LACK OF ATTCNDANCE
FOUND AT RUTGERS PREP ATHLETIC EVENTS

To the Editor:

Attendance at Rutgers [Prep atletic events has never been good;
students have always been interested in thenselves and their grades;
and the faculty with one or two exceptions, totally ignore athletics.
Although the general attitude is deplorable, basketball, soccer, and

cross country
respectable attendance,

( through no virtue of it's own) have 411 enjoyed
although these, too,

could be improved.

What prompted this letter is the deplorable lack of attendance

at swim meets and lac&?

686 games. It is a true marvel to see ten

people at the beginning of a meet and four at the end of the moot.

Lacrosse games can not often boast that
depend on the determination of the individual

especially swimming,

many. Both of these sports,

athlete. How is the outlook and morale of the swimmers and lacrosse
playors going to be affected by the sight of arousing grandstand

of three?

Students argue that they haven't got time to go to the gama
and mocts. Do the athletes have any moro time than anyone else?
They have to do it everyday, a8 well as on meets. There is no valid
excuse why these events should not be better attended. There is no
point at all in having athletics unless attendance is decente

AcHoFeSe DEBATERS
LOSE FIRST DEBATE

by James Callaghan ‘65

The Adelphi Hall Foren-
sic Society debaters lost their
first debate dropping a close
decision to the Polymian de-
baters of Newark Academy on
February 8th. This evened their
season's record at l-lg they
previously defeated Saint Pet-=
er's of New Brunswick by a
score of 2-1.

Scoring wins for Rutgers
Prep were the teams of Calla-
ghan and Levenson, Kalish and
Patt, and ‘lacria and Lebou. The
negative team of Kellogg and
Maller lost a very close de=
bate to the Newark team in their
class, and were badly beaten
by the Newark first Varsity
affirmative team composed of
their tvo captains.

Prep's captains Callaghan
and Levenson won twice, trip-
ping Newark's firet Varsity
negative 49-41 in the first
round. But Kalish and Patt were
upset 77-76 to tie the meet at
four wine apiece, with Newark
prevailing 515-507 in the aux-
{liary point count.

The Adelphi Hall Forensic
Society is participating in both
a statewide and Prep school de-
bate union, and a local area de-
tating league. Next Saturday,
they take on the Hun School de-
baters at Prinoetons
Volell, Noo? Feb. 14,

The Weekly Argo
Editor: Patricia Welzel '64

oa

noone
| Con't from Page 1

65
* 65

Michael Firczuk
Michael lorse

FRENCH CLASSES
VISIT CLOISTERS

by Marian Osterlund ‘64 —

The sixth and seventh period
French two classes, shaperoned
by Mrs. Helen Spratford and lire
Alfred bused their way
to New York City to visit the
Cloisters last Thursday after~
noon. This magnificent monument
is a reproduction of a medieval
monastary, Euilt in 1937, it
houses various art treasures and
cultural loans from Purope. Lo=
cate? on a cliff in Fort Tryon
Park, the monastary hos command
ing view of the Hudson River.
The name Cloisters comes from
ths gardens around which the
monastaries were built which
enabled the monks to go outside
the confines of the monastary.

Among the many impressive
exhibéts, were intricate tapes-
tries handwoven by monks in the
sixteenth century; frescoes from
ancient castle walls; and various
sanctuaries imported stone by
stone from Europe.

After a guided tour through
the monastary, the group took
seats on stone benches surround:
ing the central Cloister and lis
tened to church music. In spite
of the pouring rain, everyone
paid he had a very enjoyable after

 

hueband, Paul. A young ballet ad
vooate, Essie, is on her toes tin

out the whole play with the guidance

of her Russian inetructor.

 

Staff: Linda Fisher ‘64
Leteerhead by Michael Denker '64

 

 

aco’

Happy Valentine's Day ast

 

 
