THE WEEKLY

VoleII, Noe

ARGO

FeDuary 7) 1964

SECOND SEMUSTER STARTS FOR PREP;
COMMITTEE LEADERS MAKE NW PLANS

Editor's Note:( The following three paragraphs have been written by
the leaders of the three committees sponsered by the Student Council.)

During the second semester, the International Fund Committee
plans to do several things, which will be both enjoyable to the
studenta and which will also help raise money so that the School
can have an exchange student next year. The Committee, right now,
has two main projects in mind: one 4n cooperation with the Cheere
leading Club, and the other in cooperation with the Folk !usic

Club.

The Cheerleading Club, under the direction of Ruth Cassell '65,

is planning a dance along with the Committee. The dance will have a
gambling cagino with all profita going to the International Fund.
The Folk Muaie Club, also in cooperation with the Committee, is
planning a Hootenanny to which an admission will be charged. Per=
haps there will be bake sales and a carnival in the Spring.

by Michael Jacobs ‘64

 

As the stuadnt Council’s largest and most active committee,
the Dance Committee has functioned very efficiently during the
first semester. It's efforts culminated in the successful Christmas
Dance. During the first semester casual and semi-formal dances were

planned by the Dance Committee and the Varsity 'R' Club,
This half of the year, I look forward

up by the Poster Committee.

 

RP. SCCCER TRAM
WINS CHAMPIONSHIP

by Bob Yacknowitz ‘64

The Rutgers Prep Soccer
Team finished it's season by re-
ceiving a trophy for the Inde-
pendent School Group 'B' State
Championship. The Senior mem=-
bers on the team are Ed Huber,
Jim Gunkle, Ken Krafchik, Bob
Yacknowitz, Den Pickar, Pepper
Konowitz, Ed Gorchinski, Gene
Warehaw, Nick Rosenblum, uss
Bey, Roy Eskow, and Captain
Mike Jacobse

Last year Prep was only ab-
le to tie Wardlaw for the tro=-
phy. This year, the Prep squad
almost did not win because of
schedule difficulties with two
small schools resulting in a
cancellation of two gameso
Prep's #1 victory over #digon
helped convinee the group 'B'
judges.

Although Prep will lose
many valuable players this year,
Juniors Mike Gottlieb, Ray
Peachey, and Bill Landau lead
next year’s team.

 

backed

to a socially active season in
which more groups will cooper=
ate to plan a calendar composed
of more varied types of func-
tions. The Committee plans to
Sponger one big dance in the
Spring, and there are hopes that
this dance can be arranged with
other schocls if the N.J.A.S.1I.S.C,
meets in the near future, The
Folk Music Club and the Cheer-—
leading Club both plan to add
highlights to the schedule.

by Carole Neivert '64

 

The Volunteer Committee is
ourrently planning two projects
suggested by the Red Cross, The
Committee has decided to make a
dramatic tape recording of a
story for blind children. This
program was started by the honor
students of a North Jersey school,
and if enough schools particimte
in this program the ed Cross hopes
eventually to have a tape library
of childrens books. lembers of
the Committee are now studying

the script of 2 Sens Drag -
gn, and they oe oO ae over
and record one of the eight chap
ters a week. ‘ir. Thomas Dumerae
is helping with the dramatics
and ir. George Zezenski with the
recording.

Six members of the Committee

Con't on page 2

 
Vole II, Noe 6 Page 2 Febuary 7, 1964

 

NEW STUDENT ENTERS SCHOOL AT MID TERM;
LIKES SMALL CLASSES AND MORE FREEDOM

It isn't very often when a student enters Rutgera Prep after
the beginning of the school year. Howard Krisburg '65 entered Rute
gers Prep in January after leaving New Dorp School of Statin Is-
land, New Yorke

While a student at New Dorp School, Howard liked it's large
facilities and many activities besides the best football team in
New York Gity.s In Rutgers Prep, he likes the small classes and
the comparatively more freedom than what he had at his previous
school.

When asked if he finds the curriculum at Rutgers Prop difier-
ent than that of New Dorp School, Howard replied that they are very
similar, except for the advance sub{ects which Rutgers Prep offers.

Howard‘s only problems at Rutgers Prep are Chemistry and
Frenche He is having @ifficulty with these subjects because
Dreviously he did not use mathematics in Chemistry,and in French,
ne placed more emphasis on grammar rather than vocabulary. Neverthe=
less, he enjoys being a student at Rutgers Prep, and looks forward
to knowlng the school and it's students better.

 

ARGONAUTS DOWNED RUTGERS PREP TEAL
BY WARDIAW 50-27 ENDS WINNING STREAK
by Max Hamburger '65 by Jay Greengarten '66
Rutgers Preparatory School Piscataway, behind a great
was deveated in a swim meet aq sesond half effort, defeated the
gains Vardlew by a acore of Argonauts 81-49, on January 22nd.
60=?7 on January 24the The score was 32825 at the

Mike Morse set a new school j end oF the first half. The Chiefs
record in the four hundred yard sharp-thooting in the las+ two
ivee style, with a time of 5:33.4; quarter: scored fortyenine points
over Ray Zirpolo's previous re~ more, which was too much fo} ]

  

oord of 5:34. Robbie Kaufelt Leacing Rutgers Prep w

and Tom Hillebrand placed first Bill Landay with sixteen points,

andi sesond respectively in the Mike Jacobs with thirteen pointe,

one hundred yard hbreat stroke. and Harry St.egel with eleven.
Mike Firezuk took second All-County Dea Marsh and Jay

place in the one hundred yard Donovan led Piscaiaway to vice

back stroke. Tim Horse placed torys

& very close second in the two
hundred yard free style, and ™

 

Nick Rosenblum place third in Vol. II, Noo 6 Febe 7, ‘54
the two hundred yard medley.

The events were close, The Weekly Argo
but the strong Wardlaw team Editor: Patricia Welzel '64
managed to edge a decision. Staff: Kathy Cahill "64, Tom
_ Hillebrand "64, LindayFisher "64,

 

Blll Landau '65,
Committees e..eCont.

over fifteen in total, will

 

 

direet birthday parties on Letterhead by Michael Denker '64
Febuary 15th and pril 3th

tor ti New

Jersey Neuro-. ac Instile

tute.

by Michae ctlieb '65

 

 

 
