    

 

 

 

es or Sa)
vi

 

 

 

 

 

 

Edi’orials ...-20-.... +: . 27
Thanksgiving Day..........-- 28
Football Games,....... -- 29-30
Football ‘Teams. .. ....--.-.-3l
Notes on Hallowe’en.. ......- al
Christmas Tide......... 32
Winter Evenings... .......-.--- 32

PAGE,
Christmas Greetings ... .....

  

82

The Lyceum League concen
Odea ict cesses. 83
POLMODON Si ais oivcsvca ine sae town

How to Spark a Basbful Girl, .¢

At Boarding School.......
BQMOEKS . Sed icocscescseos

   
 
 
  
  
 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

The Times Publishing Company, ie

LAW BRIEFS....
Publishers Daily and Weekly Times,

    
 
  

| ON
[_2eeHony . » SHORT NOTICE

-_
ps
°
©
©
m
°
a
©
m
ao
=]
a
m
m
-—

 

 

C. HOAGLAND'S
RUSSET SHOES,

FOR WINTER WEAR.

 

—— Celebrated University Bluchers, Outing, Tennis and

Gymmasinm Shoes, Foot- Ball Shoes. Running and
Spike Shoes made to order.

Patent Leather and E ening "ress Shoes.

>i SHOES KOR COLLEGE WEAR. #<

Latest Styles and Moderate Prices.

APNE YOAGLAND
ORNELIUS HOAGLAND,
_ 87 CHURCH STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

Eeonomic Footwear,

 

 

 

ADVERTISE pga Houe DRUG STORE, NEW & Sovs,
IN masonic Hany, OLD RELIABLE GROCERY,

THE arco,| New Brunswick, N. J. | 112 Somerset Street.

Valentine Schmidt,

   

DEALER IN CHOICE VARIETIES OF

“res and Smoked Meats and Sausages of all Kinds

ALSO PREPARED CORN BEEF OF MY OWN MAKE. 5) EASTON AVENUE.
THE ARGO. i

REED & RANDOLPH, Estimates given fo

Special Blank Books,

 

 

Sporting Goods,
Fancy Articles,

 

Photographs,

Etchings, | Booksellers and Stationers, Cheek oo ete,
Bngravings. | Cards and Invitations
Frames Made to Order. 380 GEORGE STREET. Engraved.

 

—fo Eo WIKkOrs,-_—
Caterer : and: Fancy : Cake : Baker.

Weddings, Dinners and Parties Furnished. Manufacturer and wholesale dealer in lee Cream and Confectionery.
Brick Moulds and Water Ices a specialty. FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT IN CONNECTION.

109 CHURCH STREET, (Two Doors Below George) NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

 

 

>t SOMETHING FOR YOU, ¥«
THE OLD RELIABLE

CIGAR, : STATIONERY, : CONFECTIONERY : AND : YANKEE : NOTIONS : STORE

Has changed hands. New proprietor, new, elegant, fresh goods, Honest and confidential dealings. We have also
added a fine Lunch Counter with extra fine French Coffee, Cakes and Pies fresh on hand every day. We handle
“Harry’s” Celebrated Cigars and other well-known brands, fine Tobaccos and Cigarettes.

Daily, Sunday and Weekly Papers, Librarys, Etc.

L, LASSER, Prop’r., 112 Somerset Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

“sor ay AARRY’S IMPERIAL S MITH, a ee

: —MEN'S OUTFITTER,—
For a Good Cigar 372 George Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

Or a fine line of SMOKERS’ ARTICLES, the finest in the Sieg
City. HARRY’S IMPERIAL CIGAR FACTORY,

386 George Street, - | New Brunswick, N. J. 2s Rutgers Pharmacy.

 

Opposite Rutgers Preparatory School,

William ds Me Curdy, ROBERT D. CUDDY & CO : Prop'rs:

WHOLESALE GROCERIES A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF

Gents’, - Ladies’ - and - Children’s

ag SiEOln S32

At Lowest Prices,

Retail California Products
FLGIN GREAMERY BUTTER AND PRODUCE A SPECIALTY.

Ail produce raised on our own farms at Weston’s
Mills —AT—

We eupply the Leading Hotels and Restaurants. Ww I LLI A M J e E N as.

Largest Stock a 48 EASTON AVENUE.
E STREET.
425 GEORG A Full Lino of Athletic Shoes

We will ebeerfully quote prices on a single article i / y
or in ear lots. REPAIRING NEATLY DONE.

 
THE ARGO.

TAPKEN & MILLER, xx
BADGES MADE TO ORDER. J fF W EI LE R x5, itLPAIRING A SPECIALTY.

 

* “59 CHURCH STREET.
Pate | JV. HUBBARD exreehe ts,
Livery, Boarding, Sale and Exchange Stables,

92 BAYARD STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Special attention given to Coaches for Parties, Weddings, etc. Telephone Call 47.

199. ee STS WY A RTD’ S. 2 1894
__AGENCY FOR —
YOUNG'S HATS,———-MONARCH SHIRTS,—— TANNERT’S GLOVES,
CROWN BLACK HALF HOSE,— FAMOUS $2.00 DERBY.
Also full line of Gentlemen’s Full Dress Furnishings.

J.S. STEWART, - - 29 CHURCH STREET

SWEATERS FOR MEN, WOMEN AND BOYS.

Any Style or Color.
> TIGHTS FOR GYMNASIUM OR FIELD. JERSEYS, Letters or Figures.
‘rape Mark, GUERNSEYS for life-saving mea along the coast. HOO 'S, HOSE. or anything
«Pp, G. R.” that is knit on hard machines. ** Goods for Good Repute.”

For Good Repute. ’ F. G. Robinson, a St., pee Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

eee GOOD, CLEAN, BRIGHT, HARD eee

 

 

eee Also Wood, Flour, Hay, Feed, Corn and @Oats. © 6 ©
 

Vou. VI.

PUBLISHED MONTILY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE
Rutgers College Preparatory School,
Entered in the Post Office ax Second Class Matter.

 

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
CLARENCE GARRETSON, '95,
Senior Editor.

WILLIAM NEVINSON JENNINGS.
CHARLES WARDELL JONES.
GRAHAM CROWELL WOODRUFF.
FRANK LATIMAR JANEWAY.
Associate Editors,

EDGAR HARVEY SARLES, ‘95.
JOHN ELIOT WOODBRIDGE, '96.
HUGH DWIGHT McDONALD, ‘97.
JOHN WILLIAM BACHE, "98.
Class Editors.
DAVID CRAWFORD WEIDNER, RALPH WILCOX BOOTH,
Business Managers.
One copy, one year, seventy-five cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
Clarence Garretson, and must be accompanied with the name of

the author.

 

Extract from the History of Rutgers College, by Professor 8.
T. Doolittle, in ‘* The College Book.”’
‘¢ There has always been in connection with the college
a grammar school which, during the darkest days of the
colleg , never closed its doors, but went on successfully in
accomplishing good work.”

Be merry al!, be merry all!

With holly dress the festive hall
Prepare the song, the feast, the ball
To weleome Merry Christmas.

EAR reader, did you ever think
what a magic power there is in the

use of gentle words, the potency of which
a great number seek to resist? This is a
power which all of us should strive to
cultivate, but orie which a very few of us
are fortunate enough to possess. Would
you have the school a cheerful sput, with-
in which may ever be found happiness

NEW BEUNG SWICK, 3 N. J., DECEMBER, 1894.

 

and peace? Then ao not utter a harsh
word within its walls. Speak pleasantly
to the teacher, who with an anxious brow,
pursues the perplexities of his daily avoca-
tions; and let him, in his turn, speak
gently to the wearied scholar, who, amid
his never-ending round of little duties,
finds inspiration in an encouraging word
from his teacher. Always be polite to a
schoolmate, for probably in time you will
be deprived of the opportunity. A pleas-
ant smile and a word of kindness will
often restore good humor and sincerity.
Look upon one with honor, who gently
aids you into the cause of right. Kind
words always insure respect and affection,
while the angry rebuke provokes imper-
tinence and dislike.

A great many of us will speak harsh
words to the aged, and look down with
disdainful reproach on a person who is
bent and stricken with years. Many are
the trials through which they have passed,
and now a little while and they will be
missed from their accustomed places ; the
spirit will have passed to its rest.

The remembrance of an unkind word
will then bring with it a bitter sting.

Speak gently to the erring one ; are we
not all weak and liable to error?

Temptations, of which we cannot judge,
may have surrounded us. H: rshness will
drive us on a sinful way; Gentleness
and love may give us strength to pursue

the path of virtue.

Lost! On or about November 1, a
razor. Finder will be liberally rewarded
by leaving the same with occupant of
room No. 29.
 

28

 

THANKSGIVING DAY. /

I do not propose to give a learned his-
torical account of the origin of Thanks-
gining Day in our country. Every one
knows that it has been traced to the
earliest settlers of New England. “It has
all been told and painted *—the terrible
winter on the Massachusetts coast, the
slowly perishing colony, the slight re-
vivals of hope, the final victory over sav-
ages and climate.

Nor do I purpose telling how one ought
to spend the day, or how people generally
do spend it. We, none of us go to church
as much on that day as perhaps we should.
It seems to have become a day for family
gatherings more and more than ever, and
the religious exercises, however appropri-
ate, appear to be not so universally at-
tended as in years gone by. This may be,
probably is unfortunate, but I fear it is
true. At any rate.it was true of one
individual this year,—namely, myself.

Circumstances made it convenient for
me to go to Philadelphia, and being there,
why should I not see the great entertain-
ment of the day, the football game. It is
wonderful how people will rush to these
inter-collegiate contests. High prices can-
not keep them away.- The most horrible
weather, added to the most exorbitant
admission fee acts like a drawing card
rather than an obstruction to the attend-
ance, Fortunately last Thanksgiving Day
was as charming as weather could make
it, and thus the weather added to the at-
tractions of the contest and the crowd,

Harvard was to play the University of
Pennsylvania on the grounds of the latter,
These grounds are situated about twenty
minutes ride from the centre of the city,
lying in a sort of hollow, so that they are
somewhat sheltered from wind and storms,
Near by are the splendid buildings of the
University, with an enormous statue of

 

THE ARGO.

 

its founder, Benjamin Franklin, watching
over them. I wonder what he would
say, could he witness one of these games,
and see Brooke making a beautiful punt,
or Osgood on one of his terrific runs,
Shade of Poor Richard! What would
you make of all this pulling and hauling,
and kicking, and alas ! sometimes of this
disgraceful slugging !

The seats on all sides of the grounds
reminded me of the colosseum. The thou-
sands streaming along to the show, and
later watching the game excitedly, called
to mind the stories we read about gladiato-
rial combats. ‘*Butchered to make a
Roman holiday” rang in my ears, as one
Harvard man after another was carried
off the field. Old Spartacus himself
would have stood a poor chance that day
with his troopagainst Penn’s mighty line !
Imagine the ancient Thracian, as the
school declamation has it, addressing his
men as they lined up. ‘* Ye stand here now
like giants as ye are! The strength of
brass is in your toughened sinews !” What
a football captain Spartacus would have
been! And would it not be fun to see
Cwsar and Pompey captaining two ele-
vens ¢

Sitting on the top row—a good seat, by
the way—I muse over many things before
the game opens,—after that it is too ex-
citing for one to muse,—and the famous
chapter comes to mind in Tom Brown at
Rugby, entitled Rugby and Football. I
pity the boy who has not read that book,
or rather I envy him, for he has a pleas-
ure still in store. ‘You say, you don’t
see much in it all; nothing buta st rug-
gling mass of boys and a leather ball,
which seems to excite them all to great
fury, as a red rag does a bull. My dear
sir, a battle would look much the same
to you except that the boys would be
men, and the balls iron; but a battle
THE ARGO. 29

would be worth your looking at, and so is
a football match.”

But a mighty shout goes up. The
players have come into the arena. Twen-
ty-five thousand spectators are yelling
themselves hoarse, waving banners, and
acting generally like lunatics. I started
to tell other things, but here I am, at the
end of my space and only at the begin-
ning of the gama, and I must leave these
lines of battle with

“Poot ant eye opposed
In dubious strife.”

ENGLEWOOD FIELD CLUB
VS. R. C. P. S.

On November 10, our team in its usual
bright and cheerful manner left New
Brunswick on the 10.19 a. m. train for
Englewood. We took dinner in New
York and then proceeded on our course
on the Erie R. R. arriving in Englewood
at 2.15 p. m. We then took a stage along
a very pleasant road to the place of our
“doom,” which was in the suburbs of
thetown. When we first saw the beauti-
ful football grounds, as level as a. rolling
prairie, covered with green grass, we
were quite sure of a good chance to spread
ourselves; but when we saw the so-called
young giants whom we were to play with,
our indignation was slightly aroused.

The field club has a very beautiful club
house, but it was no place for ‘‘ Rats”
so they took us down toa kind of abarn,
where we were obliged to dress.

Although we were to play the second
team, we soon found out that we were
lining up against their first team.

Our boys played a comparatively good
game, but could not stand up against men
who not only outweighed them but
played a very rough game ; and further-
more their referee not only favored them,
but continually coached them through
the whole game. It all resulted in a score

 

of 40 to 0 in the Englewood men’s favor.

Considering that we played one of the
best field-clubs in the state, we are not as
discouraged as one would think. We left
Englewood at 5 o’clock and took supper
in New York, arriving home at about ten,
very much the worse for wear.

What we challenged was 140 pounds,
but what we played was 184 pounds.

NEW BRUNSWICK HIGH SCHOOL
Vs. R. C. P. 8.

This was one of the easiest and most in-
teresting games of the season ; although
quite evenly contested, it was evi-
dent from the first, that the R. C. P. Ss.
would have a good opportunity to crow.
Game was called at 3.30 p.m. The High
School had the kick off ; R. C. P. S. tak-
ing the west goal. It was seen before
many minutes, that the High School men
were outplayed. Our team did good team
work, but in individual playing they were
not so good, as there was too much fumb-
ling of the ball.

The first touchdown was made around
the right-end by E. Johnson with the help
of a good interference, but he failed to
kick the goal.

High School kicked off again but were
steadily pushed back toward their goal
until, F. Peabody made a touchdown
around left end, E. Johnson kicking the
goal. Time was called when the ball was

_ on High School’s 15 yard line.

In the second half the High School men
braced up and played a much better game,
the ball was given to the High School,
several times for one thing and another,
until one of their men fumbled the ball
and a Rutgers man fell on it. The High
School would not accept the referee’s
decision and withdrew their men from
the field.

Total scrre R. C. P. S. 10, L. A. H. S. 0.
=

30

: 4 ey

Their team work was quite poor penned
have their full back to thank for : vio
well as he did, for our ~~ founc

i an to get around, —
oe ee seatn all the line played oe
paratively well ; to the men an a
line special credit is due ; Bac el =
noticed for his hard plunging throug
their line, E. Johnson for his ground aa
ing abilities and Peabody for his sw!
running and blocking.

 

silion. Rutgers Prep.

Van Sickie. eee tt ONA....ccccceces McKeag
EGY cx sncsnescsann tackle ..:cescrccccoves Purdy
McLaury............ GAGs cicesesees McMahon
Conover............. centre......... Mac Laughlin
Schneider,.... ... right guard......... Garretson
Draper.... ..... right tackle.......... Voorhees
Meeetetscss  “sccssies right end; :...iscsicscns Jennings
ANCOR seesccaics quarter back..,........ Hoffman
Barra seek cas left half back..E. Johnson (Capt.)
BOR vcssedsvexes right half back.......... Peabydy
Stout (Capt.)..... full back........ veese+-Baebe
Referee, Loud; Umpire, Runyon; Linesman,

Stryker.

R. C. P. 5. SECOND TEAM VS.
RAHWAY SECOND TEAM.

On Friday, November 16, the R. C. P.
S. second team journeyed to Rahway to
meet the Rahway second team. Leaving
New Brunswick on the 1.53 p. m. train,
we arrived in Rahway at about quarter
past two o'clock and at once went to the
football field.

After a short interval, during which we
were engaged in donning our football at-
tire, we all went out upon the football
field and had a little practice,

At about 3.30 o’clock we commenced
playing. Rahway kicked the ball far in.
to our territory and in catching it our
“backs” seemed to be a trifle rattled.

We made a fine gain on the first try,
only to lose the ball on downs. Rahway
tried the centre and gained about three

yards and by some sharp work in running

around the ends made some fine gains,

 

 

he next down Rahway’s quarter
sae emabled the ball badly ong one of
our men fell on it. Our men seemed to
be rattled and could not get downto work.

After a lot of small gains by both sides
Rahway, by good playi ng and expert dodg-
ing, succeeded in scoring a touchdown.

When their man was preparing to kick
the goal he unfortunately let the ball
touch the ground and upon our rushing
in, his kick went wide of the goal posts,

Score, Rahway 4, Rutgers 0. After this
our boys held them down finely and were
making great gains throughout their line
when time was called.

When the second half opened our boys
played with a vim, went through the cen-
tre and around Rahway’s ends for long
gains.

By great rushing we took the ball far
into their territory, but upon arising from
a scrimmage we found our captain unable
to walk.

Although discouraged by this mishap
we rushed the ball down to Rahway’s five
yard line where we lost it on downs. On
the third down Rahway’s full back drew
back for a kick and just as he was about
to raise the ball our left guard rushed in
and blocked the kick and scored a touch-
— Woodbridge kicked a beautiful

oal.
. Score, Rahway 4, R.C. P.S. 6. After this
We again took the ball near the goal, but

before we had time to try for another
touchdown time was called,

The teams lined up as follows :
Rahway. Position,

    
  
 
 
   

‘ R.C. P. §
- Sanders...........,, rightend.............. Pettit
Plum .. -+-Tight tackle. 2... . Riggs
Bliss .. +-»Tight guard....., |. Eckerson
Langstro* coos @nter ... 00 Woodruff
Ackley ‘left guard 20.0000 Tonnele
Heath.. ... ++ left tackle...) Wocdbridge
Hetfield... ose eleftend.......5..,.. Wyckoff
Mooney... es AQUREGOR ccc ees gs E igar
Miller a aerennbict right half back, 71°" "** Oliver
Stout ...... ---left half back, -Brown (Capt )
— Wiese ss+efull back... J. Bache
eferee, F. E. Peab . : i
Mr. Maurice, Rahway. wate SE pe
THE ARGO. 81

 

THE FOOTBALL TEAM.

During the past season our football
team has suffered many defeats but its
defeats are not to be ashamed of when
you consider the difficulties the team has
undergone and the class of teams it has
played. Its chief trouble seemed to be
the lack of material from which to form
ateam. Out of all the school there were
only about eleven fellows available, and
out of these few the team had to come

Ido not here propose to go into com-
parisons, for, as it is aptly put, “Com-
parisons are odious,” but I do mean to
try to point out why our team was go un-
successful.

The injury and withdrawal from the
team of the captain was in itself a great
misfortune, for he left vacant a position
which was very hard to fill without mak-
ing some great weakening of the line.

The new captain tried in every way to
improve the playing, but he had so short
a time at his disposal that no great im-

provement could be made.

In individual playing the team was
good, but in team work it was very weak.

While we cannot help feeling sorry, let
us alllook forward to the next season
with the hope that out of the second and
other teams there may be found enough
to fill all vacancies.

THE R. GC. P. S. BATTALION.

Our cadets, as was stated in last issue,
have resumed their drill.

The following is the list of officers ; ex--

cepting the corporals, who have not as
yet been appointed;

Captain, J. W. Mettler ; first lieutenant,
CG. T. Cowenhoven, jr.; first sergeant, L.
P. Runyon; second sergeant, J. Bayard
Kirkpatrick, jr.; thir) sergeant, C, Bache.

The drill is entirely optional with pre-
paratory boys, but is greatly encouraged

 

by the professors as an important factor
in their education. It is noticed that the
boys who have taken a drill heretofore
seem to possess a more erect stature, and
possibly a more developed brain than
those who did not. We are frequently
told by those who go from us into the
college that the training in our ranks is
of the greatest advantage to them there.

NOTES ON HALLOWE'EN.

Hallowe’en was observed at the “‘ Trap ”
in its usual way ; the chief feature of the
evening was a candy pull, and there were
several other amusements, appropriate to
the occasion.

Dr. Payson announced before supper
that the cakes which would be served
would contain different articles of minor
size, which would signify our future
vocations.

Kroehl discovered a ring in his cake,
which signified that he would be the first
to get married; this quite embarrassed
him.

Why didn’t a certain Professor want us
to know that he hada fish hook in his
cake 4

Why were there so few fakes, in the
cakes, at the headmaster’s table ?

Hoffmin found a needle, in his cake,

signifying that he would be a bachelor ;

but this is contrary to our present belief.

Peabody acted as chief tester at the
candy pull; as a tester of molasses candy
he is second to none.

How did Carl Bache come to get left at
the candy pull ?

Why was Bogert afraid to go after the
mail ?

Charles Jones and Miss Parrot claimed
to have the whitest candy.

Everything passed off ina joyful man-
ner, and we are only hoping for the
arrival of another Hallowe’en.
32
CHRISTMAS-TIDE.

In olden times Christmas-tide covered
a period of seventeen days, that is, from
St. Thomas Day, December 21, to St. Dis-
taff’s Day, January 7. All of this period
was filled with merry-making and Christ-
mas cheer. St. Thomas Day also went by
the name of “‘ Doleing Day” in some parts
of England, on account of the distribution
of the counties of different charitable in-
stitutions. In Warrickshire it was the
custom for the poor to go from door to
door with a bag to beg corn of the farm-
ers. It was called going a corning. In
Herfordshire it was called ‘ Mumping
Day,” that is, begging day.

St. Stephen’s the 26 of December, was
a very important festival. It was popu-
larly known as ‘“ Boxing Day,” from the
custom of giving boxes on that day:
Tradesmen and the wealthier people were
expected to give presents on St. Stephen’s
Day to poor people. This class used to go
around from door to door to receive these
gifts. Another custom upon St. Stephen’s
Day was that of bleeding horses, which
was supposed to assure good fortune to
the owner of the animals.

The 7th of January was called St. Dis-
taff’s Day, because the Christmas festivi-
ties were at an end and on the morrow
the women returned to their distafts or
daily occupations.

**Give St. Distaff all the right,

Then give Christmas sport good night,
And next morning every one

To his own vocation.”

WINTER EVENINGS.

Now that the long winter evenings are
drawing near, the question often arises :
“What shall we do to amuse ourselves
and entertain others?” It does not re-
quire a great deal of thought to entertain
ourselves for a time, but to entertain a

THE ARGO.

|

 

 

 

 

company of friends isthe rub. A quiet cor-
ner, an interesting book—and you are off
on a trip through foreign lands, or, per-
haps thrills of joy and patriotism run
through your being as you read tales of
the deeds of our ancestors in the early
history of our country.

But now about entertaining visitors.
Many old fashioned games which have
been unused for years can be thought of
and participation therein will cause much
enjoyment. ‘‘ Fox and Geese” is a game
which is being published now under the
name ‘‘ Three-deep.” ‘Spin the Platter ”
is a lively game which everyone knows.
“‘Threshing Buckwheat ” is ‘“‘as old as the
hills.” Spelling matches, which afforded
our grandmothers so much enjoyment
years ago, seem to live in some fashion or
other. A game which has grown to be
familiar is played as follows: A player,
chosen as leader, starts to spell a word he
has in his mind, pronouncing only the
first letter which will not finish but. will
continue the word. In this manner the
game proceeds, each player trying to con-
tinue the word, but not to finish it. When
a player finishes a word he must go down
to the foot of the line or may give a for-
feit. Ifa word is started and spelled as,
for example, 8-t-r-a-i-g-h, and a player
adds t, but can show that he meant to
spell “‘straightway,” the play can proceed
and the player may retain his place.

Another game is played by dividing
the company into two sections and allow.
ing one section to choose a word for the
other to guess. The section choosing the
word, tells the other side a-word with
which it rhymes. The second section, in
trying to guess the word, must give the
definition of the word they guess instead
of the word. As, instead of key, a solu-
tion, etc. Many other games are published
weekly in magazines.
 

THE ARGO. 33

 

CHRISTMAS GREETINGS.
All the magazines and w

are glorifying Christmas, ame.
are really magnificent in their holiday rs
pearance. It would be difficult to sur ha
Harper’s Weekly with its scarlet Sans
Claus and its interesting stories pee
others too are immensely attractive in
their splendid attire. What a time this
is indeed! Is there anyone among the
boys who does not feel happy and good
natured just now, at peace with himself
and all his neighbors, charitable even to-
ward the inventors of difficult examina-
tions? We believe not one. Boys, one
and all, now is the time to forgive your
enemies, if you have any, and rejoice
your friends, of whom you all have many.
The best Christmas present you can take
home is a good report, a cheerful heart,
and a noble resolve for 1895. To you all
—to every boy in school,—big and little,
younger and older, of every ‘‘form, ” and
shape, and hue, and disposition, the Argo
extends a cordial greeting! ‘‘ May you
all live long and prosper ! ;

THE LYCEUM LEAGUE.

At ameeting held in the school-house on
November 15th, it was decided to re-
organize the ‘ Jefferson Lyceum League,”
and in consequence thereof, the follow-
ing officers were elected, viz:

Clarence Garretson, president ; William
H. Greene, vice-president } Waldo A. Tits-
worth, recording secretary 3 David C.
Weidner, corresponding secretary ; Ralph
W. Booth, treasurer.

This league was established last year
and has ‘ever. since maintained a bold
existence ; its aim is principally to pro-
mote ideas and purposes of good citizen-
ship among the young men of the repub-
lie, and that aim we hope has been
effectually carried out in the past. We

 

 

 

 

have no reason to doubt that each and
every student in this school will take ad-
vantage of this opportunity and give its
requirements a special study. The league
is not strictly a place for amusement,
but a place where a great deal of knowl-
edge can be obtained as well.

 

A small boy being asked to write a

poem in blank verses wrote the following ;
TODES.

Todes is an animal that livs on dri land,
which is the only reson it isn’t a phrog.
A phrog kan do both. A tode can’t be a
phrog, but a phrog can be a tode.

Todes don’t no mutch of anything, ex-
cept when it is goin to rain, and where
they lurned that, nobody nose, but they
are allus tripin a phello up or gittin
squashed under our boots jest before a
storm. ‘Todes is great winkers—I wood
remark this wun of thare traids ; a tode
that kant wink like blazes, aftera thunder
storm ; they generally winks both ize to
wunse, Todes liv most ennywhere in
‘summer; they air phond of gras—they
wood like enuff chu the kud, but they
don’t know how. They belong to the rase
that Grealy speeks of as bein trodden ov
pressed—but this is bekaus—they kant
see strate, for tha allus take speshul panes
to jump the rong way and i wood add tha
probably git speshul panes for thare
trouble.

Todes are grate on jumpin—they don’t
jump so very hi, but thay seme to beatlus
at it—this is wun of thair traids. Todes
jump they doant no no better. You
never no a tode is goin to jump til after
he gits thru. odes hav a very opun
kowntenance, and wood bea good lookin
specimen of humanity if thare sidze warnt
so bunged out, and if thare mowths was
a tryful less than six intches. If you
don’t no a tode enny other way, you kan
 

34 THE ARGO,

tel it buy its mowthe, if its mowthe is
small it isn’t a tode ; butt if you phind an
animal that is awl mowthe, that is also
inklined to be a jumpin awl the time, and
that is a grate winker, you may pheel
pritty shure you’ve got a tode. In closin
my pome in blank verse, I wood say :
todes isnt so beautiful, to be sure, but
thair mighty clever and were never hurd
to sware even when the thermonitor was
red hott.

PERSONALS.

Peabody and McDonald witnessed the
Yale--Princeton football game.

John Bache and Gustavo Franklin weht
to New York, but failed to see the game.

The most enthusiastically received of
all the speeches on December 7, was that
of Dr. Payson granting the petition.

Hoffman was detained at home after
Thanksgiving, a few days longer than
the law allows, by illness. All were glad
to see him back.

Among those who Samson-like, have
been shorn ot their luxuriant locks, we
notice, Peabody, Carl and John Bache,
Jennings and Wyckoff.

Fred Walser looked in upon us_ the
other evening. He is studying very hard
he says, and he has grown enormously
tall, or was it that overcoat !

Dr. Payson accompanied by John Bache
and Gustavo Franklin attended the foot-
ball game between the University of
Pennsylvania and Princeton.

We welcome Ellicott Brown back to
the school after two weeks’ absence on
account of injuries sustained in the game
of the second football team against Rah-
way. .

We notice Dr. Payson’s name among
those who attended the convention of
colleges and preparatory schools held at

 

 

 

the Johns Hopkins University in Balti-
more during the Thanksgiving recess.

Shortly after the appearance of our last
issue, quite a serious accident occured up-
on our grounds at the Trap. In a prac-
tice game of football our captain, Ben
Johnson while running, fell and injured
his ankle. Later it was found that it
Was not only sprained but that one of the
small bones was broken. He has since
been at his home in Somerville, where,
we are glad to hear, he is rapidly recover-
ing. That his ankle may be as good as
new, and that soon Ben will be able to
kick with his old time alacrity we all
sincerely hope.

HOW TO SPARK A BASHFUL GIRL.

(The writer speaks more from theory than
experience. )

The greatest trouble is to get on famil-
iar terms with girls who are excessively
bashful. They are so shy and coy that
the sight of any member of the masculine
gender drives them into seclusion,

By skill and tact you will be able to
overcome this difficulty. Do not be too
ambitious, seek to be her friend or brother,
and when you once get to be looked upon
in this light all then is fair sailing. You
will soon get her confidence, when she
will look up to you for counsel and sym-
pathy, and you can use your own dis-
cretion in asking her to name the day,
which she will usually leave to you.
These bashful girls are usually dear, pre-
cious creatures, so confiding, innocent
and sweet, no distrust, reserve or coquetry,
and when married, make the best and
dearest treasurer that a man can be blest
with. SECRET.

 

Stationer—‘‘ What kind of
would you like ?”

Purchasing student—“ Pennsyl-vania, of
course. ” :

a_ pencil
THE ARGO. 35

Finest Shoes!

  

AT BOARDING SCHOOL.

He was writing a note to his mother, —
For you see he had so much to say,

A great many questions to ask her,—
He had been from home nearly all day !

Of eourse he must be very careful
Not to tell her he miss«d her to-night,
Nor how he had worked all day, trying
To keep the tears back—out of sight.

But he'd ask if the pony was lonesome,
And whether the kittens had grown,

And if Jack had his place at the tab!e
Close by her—‘‘ But it isn’t his own.

** Ani tell him he can only keep it
Just while I’m away.” This he wrote
While the tears kept coving and coming,
And big lumps swelled in his throat

Then he told her what he’d been doing
Since he left home such ages ago,—
"Twas really only this moraing,
But some days are long ones, you know.

‘Give my best love to Jack and the puppies—
T must get into bed, mamma dear.”

Then the poor little baby lips trembled
As he added, “I wish you were here.

**T do want to say ‘good-night’ awful,—
I wonder so much if you know -
But. mamma, ” the sohz now came faster,
* Don’t think I’m one bit homesick thong !”

Student (in debate) —** The first machin-
ery manufactured in this country was
imported from England.”

Professor—‘* What isalcohol ?”

P-y—* A clear, waterlike fluid, which
has a hot, biting taste.” :

 

Latest Styles | Lowest Prices!

oe. AT__9>

ELARDING & WANSPIRLD’S
FACTORY AND RETAIL STORE,

No 9 Peace Street, -
*GYMNASTIC SHOES IN GREAT VARIETY. <

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Hummel, a “Bowery” man, is raising
a mustache, if its growth is not impaired
by a sharp edged razor, it will bea dandy
in the near future. He amuses himself
by singing :

‘*My mustache is growing,
For its genial necds bestowing ;
And its beauty takes the eye,
Of all Broadway.
Pia probably refers to “Five Points”
also.

_ Prof. (in English)—Mr. H-m-m-1, what
is an antithesis /
_H-m-m-I—An antithesis is an inscrip-
tion on a tomb-stone.
Footballist—“ For two pins Td send you
through the air!” and the terrified spec-
tators scattered as sheep before a wolf.
THE ARGO.

YOUNG MEN, LOOK!
WHEN YOU WANT

Shoes : of : Hver'y : Desétiption

Base Ball, Reception, and any kind of Shoes you may wish for. Give
him a call and he will do you good. PRICES LOW.

THE ARCHER SHOE 60. x
Is the Cheapest place in the City to buy your
Footwear. Everything up to date.
ARCHER SHOE CO.

SK MANUFACTURERS.
17 PEACE STREET, FOOT OF CHURCH.

’ THE BERKLEY ”
-‘Livery and Boarding Stable:-

J. H. POTTER, Proprietor,
86 & 88 ALBANY STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. Jd.

Carriages and Coaches to Hire Trucking of all Kinds Promptly Attended to,

TRUNKS CARRIED TO AND FROM THE DEPOT Telephone 99R.

 

 

 

E R N EST D EV E R, C. Hoagland, darstulica Rae footwear,

Go to Lasser’s, for fine confectionery.

1 eer For Gents’ furnishings go to J. S. Stewart,
4 \ l R D P E S § E R Cooper, keeps shoes of every description.

Boys, Ernest Dever’s, is the place to have your

hair cut.
TONSORIAL PARLOR, Will McCurdy, keeps a fine line of groceries, in
his new store, George street,
No. 363 George St Tapken & Miler, will: furnish you with school

pins of every description,

 

Smith, the hatter, makes a specialty of students’

 

 

 

FIRST-CLASS WORK ONLY. wie
ADVERTISERS’ COLUMN. _ When you wish to take a drive, goto Hubbard’s

Opera House Drug Store, first class in every for your team.
way. Buy your stationery of Reed & Randolph.

W. J. Seng, has always on hand a fine line of foot New & Sons, always keep fresb fruit on hand.
wear, : .

If you need a sweater, go to Fred’k. Robinsons’ The Mansion House, is the place for banquets.
factory. For drags go to Rutgers Pharmacy.

 
 

McDede’s Livery, 23 Easton AV.

MADEDES HEATED GOAGHES » Loy
of 1928, oN it 4 At

SA 4p

 

LANDAUS, BERLINS, /BROUGHAMS AND “Loar ¢ CARRIAGES.

RUTGERS COLLEGE | fan gton Mousa,

Rutgers Scientific School, | No, 101-107 Hib. ny Street

 

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

t2"'The Ciassical Department is broad and thorough, and by a
Revision and Enlargement of the curriculum affords unusual facili-
ties for Elective Courses throughout the Junior and Senior vears in
Latin, Greek, English, French, German, Higher Mathematics, As-
tronomy, History, Political Science, Philosophy, Physics, Chemistry,
and Biology.

The | Scientific Department is the New ares State College for

EUROPEAN & AMERICAN PLAN.

‘ There are five full courses, each leading 0 “the first degree in L. D. MAS, Prop'r.
science.

1, A Course in Agriculture.

| :
y Coo ee BANQUETS AND SUPPERS A SPECIALTY.

4. A Course in Electricity. pees
5. A Course in Biology.
The plan of

COLLEGE EXTENSION.

has been enlarged. Several additional courses of lectures in variou’
branches of science and literature are offered and will be given
throughout New Jersey, at such centres as may arrange wiih the
Secretary of the Extension Department, Prof. Louis Bevier Jr., Ph.D

ger For catalogues or other information, address IRVING 8.
UPSON, A.M., Registrar.

AUSUIN 8! OTT, Ph.D., LL.D., President. .

A. CRAIG VOORHEES
Graduate - Optician.

EYES EXAMINED FREE AND GLASSES PROPERLY FITTED.
A sull Line-of Diamoyds, Matches and sine SHewelry.
AGENT FOR ALL THE LEADING MAKES OF SAFETY BICYCLES,

115 Church Street, ove voor vetow George, New Bruuswick, N. J.

—ON THE—

 

 
 

 

LHPARATORY SCMOOL
New Brunswick, New Jersey.

FOUNDED 1766.

 

** INSTRUCTORS: #

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Ph.D., Head-Master,
CHARLES B. AMES, A.B., Latin Master.
CLINTON. CLARK, A.B., English Master.
WILLIAM M. STRONG, A.B., Greek Master.
EUGENE BETTS, B.S., Chemistry.
EDWARD L. BARBOUR, Elocution.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, French and German.
JOHN J. BRERETON, Ist Lieut. 24th U. S. Infantry,

Instructor in Military Tactics.

PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS.

MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS, Principal.
MISS ANNIE S. WATERS,
> Instructors.
MISS GRACE ANDREWS,
For particulars address ELIOT R. PAYSON, Ph.D., Head Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.
