 

 

 

 

  
 
  

 

 

pete

 

 

ea)

 
  
 
 
 

     
    
 

          

RS COLLEGE” CAR RMAR SHOU

RG OB

 

es eS celts fee § em ¢ eons

 

-

wm rs 8 sw ms a es

 

 

XS

   

 

 

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 41894.

  
  

PAGE.
Editorial eo. Mey w ee dcr A aha O88
A Walk to Hightstown............ 33

The ReceptiGn, & shieieceeesie 36
Ve Ma CoA iei dolar mieten tee eae
Broposition.. See hiwed eset s Sots

 
       
 

 
   
    

Personalsa ss sess cite te oc ats

A Prayer,.

 
   
 

Squeakss. ../...

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
tJ. * S. * STEWART .B& )
Erats: Neckwrear.

New and Nobby Styles for Young Men a special feature. Elegant and Stylish, always in Stock.
At low prices.

UND ERWEAR—ne only first-class $2 Derby in the city.
No. 29 CHURCH STREET.

THE FREDONIAN RUTGERS
«Publishing « House,#/PHARMAdCY,

Opposite Rutgers Coll
jo and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. Vee

UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR : ; PALMER,
FIRST-CLASS PRINTING. Pr secon

NEW TYPE AND NEW PRESSES.

The Fredonian Publishing Company. Merchant Tailors

JAS. P. SMITH. WM. E. EDMUNDS.

SMITH & EDMONDS, :
= Matters and Men’s Outfitters, & |“

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts., New Brunswick,

Opposite National and People’s Banks, AT H LET If
e

CORNELIVS HOAGLAND, | &,.,. wg
x SS inl ? Al i f ?
Reliable ~ Foot-Wear | spi" Boosh

 

 

     

AND

 

A SPECIALTY.

 

 

Of every description, from the medium to the finest 380 GEORGE STREET,
srades, at lowest cash prices,
Athletic, Walking and Dress Shoes. eT RS ne
INTo. ' hurch Street, i Paterson Block.
Opp. People's National Bank, H E A D 0 U A R T ERS
———FOR——

School Supplies of all Kinds.
POCKET BOOKS, KNIVES, FOUNTAIN
PENS, FANCY GOODS, PICTURES

AND FRAMES, GAMES AND
NOVELTIES, (

 

 

 

 

Now York, Oct. 1st, 1890.

Honest Fall Overcoats for as little as ten dollars ; but the range
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25. We sell many at
even higher prices.

If a low-priced coat has silk trimmings, either the cloth or the
silk, or both, are apt to be inferior. Our medium priced overcoats
are built in the most substantial manner. We use silk sleeves,
facings or linings only in the better grades, where the price justi-
fies the cost of good stuff inside and out.

Autumn Suits are likewise ready,
B27 Pree delivery to all pointswithiu one hundred miles of New York City. RE { Prince,

TREE
ROGERS, PEET & CO. mipeeaat | aoe

 
 
    
  
 
  
 

 

GH)
-)

y
Ce

OHE &

NEW

2

Vou Th

BRUNSWICK,

The Argo

VUDLIOIED MONTHLY DUMING THE KOHOOL YRAR, BY THE

Rulgers College Preparatory School,

Vou TL New Brunswick, N. J, Men, Wl, No, 6,

MOAR DD ah Hi WD ERS ¢
C, W. GULICK, '91, J, P, STOUT, '91,

Senior Kditora.
W, B, COLLIER, 2,
Aasnociate Miditora,
A. SOHUYLER CLARK, 4, Kt. K, PAINTER, ‘#1,
Business Managers,

 

I, N. ENYATD, "2,

V, JOMANKNEOILT, 7,

2 eRe

 

One copy, one year, Keventy-five conta,

All communications should he addressed to the Senlor Editor,
GO, W. Guirex, New Brunswick,
with the name of the author,

yore
over, and now we see preparations being
made for the base ball season.

N. J, and must be accompanied

 

FE Winter with its many amusements is about

If you come
across a number of boys talking, and you should @

stop to listen, you would find that they were giving
their views on the merits of different players, or
were talking of other matters ‘pertaining to base
ball. We hope that our base ball team may have
as great success as our football eleven, and, if pos-
sible, may again defeat the Freshmen.

HE Missionary Society at the “Home” a

short tic.e ago conceived the idea of getting
an entertainment for the benefit of the Y
Mission, in securing it new seats. The Society
set about carrying out its plans, and the Glee
Club and other members of the school have
seconded its efforts. ‘The entertainment will be
* held in the Y. M. C. A. Hall on the evening of
March 6th, and will consist of two farces, several
songs by the Glee Club, ete.

up

It is believed that
it will be well worth going to, and we trust that all
friends of the School and Mission will give the en-
tertainment their most hearty support.

N.

OR

® ARGO.

1HOI.

WEBRUARY, No. 5.

N the 2oth the School held its patriotic exer-
0) cises in. honor of Washington's Birthday.
‘The primary and intermediate departments came
down stairs and united with the other departments.
As usual, their contribution to the day's enter-
tainment was the most interesting, the “ Meeting
of the Nations” showing great care on the part of
both teachers and pupils in its preparation. The
Gice Club sang, and four pieces in honor of
Washington were spoken by down stairs boys. Dr.
Scott and Dr. Cook each also spoke, and Rev. J.
G. Reed closed, as he had opened, the exercises
of the day with prayer. Quite a number of the
friends of the boys were present in spite of the
weather, and all seemed to have enjoyed the oc-
casion,

  

A WALK TO HIGHTSTOWN.

ie the 24th of January four members of the Five-
. Mile Club took a tramp to Hightstown.
They were “ Ma,” “Solomon,” “Simon,”
“ Uncle Josh,”—or “ Josh,” for short.

“Ma” went because he wanted to see Peddie
Institute and a friend in it, and also to gratify his
insatiable desire for seeing a new section of coun-
try; “Solomon” went to see some friends in the
Institute—* Jerusha,” especially, it is believed ;
“Simon” went because “Solomon” did, and of
course “Solomon's” friends were “ Simon’s” as
well; “Uncle Josh” went to make up the even
number so desirable on a walk, and was eager to
go because Peddie Institute is coeducational.

Such were the boys and such were the reasons
for their undertaking the tramp. The weather was
rather mild for January and the roads were muddy

in the middle of the day, so the Club decided to
start early, at 7 A. M.

and

Permission to go was se-
cured from the principal, and the housekeeper was
interviewed as to getting an early breakfast. The
Club retired with the great weight of an early
rising upon its mind. “Josh” secured all the alarm
clocks in the house and set them for the next
34

morning at intervals of 20 or 30 minutes apart.
Whether this was to secure his own early rising ot
had in it a malignant idea of keeping the * Bowe-
ry” awake in those unearthly hours cannot be del
initely stated,

The next morning dawned. “ Ma” was up early
looking at the weather and his watch, and calculat-
ing on how many more minutes he could spend in
bed before he would have to get dressed. Solo-
mon was up early too, and skipped down stairs to
get a shirt from the laundry. Of course the laun-
dry was not open so early, and so poor Solomon
was kept on a hop going down every little while
until he got his clean biled shirt at last. Simon
slept peacefully until Solomon called him. Josh
was awake half the night attending to his clocks.
After they went off, he had to wind them up again
so that he would not sleep too long! At last 6
o'clock came, the hour agreed upon as the time
for waking. Excepting Simon, the Club met in
the hall on their way to call each other.

About 6.30 the Club sat down to breakfast.
This was soon dispatched, and then came the
usual bother of actually starting. ‘The morning
was cloudy, and so the weather had to be discuss-
ed. Ma said that though he did not believe it
would rain he would take his old umbrella as a
mascot. That made Simon want a mascot too,
Then the hat question was up for debate. A dip
is such a plague on a walk, and both Solomon and
Simon had hats of that order. “ Borrow caps,” sug-
gested Josh. Happy thought! Sned and Sara-
toga were roused at ance, and Solomon and Simon
were soon ready in their borrowed finery. ‘Then
the Club was off just as the 7 o’clock whistles were
blowing.

Ma, who had a pocket map and a general
knowledge of New Jersey, was the leader. ‘The
plan was to go to Jamesburg, see the State Reform
School there, and then go to Hightstown by the
train which left Jamesburg about ri a.m. Ma
thought it would be a good idea to follow the Rar.
itan River Railroad to Milltown and then strike
for Jamesburg. The Club, therefore walked out
to the terminus of the road on Commercial
Avenue,

The tracks of a railroad like the R. R. Railroad

 

 

 

Ghe Arge.

are not the most pleasant to walk on, but it was
the original plan to take them, and as the Cranbury
Turnpike did not look better and did not lead to
Jamesburg any way, the Club started boldly down
the railroad. ‘The track had not been laid a yeur
and had been put down in the cheapest: manner,
with no ballast and little grading. ‘T'o look down
the road and see the crazy curves of the rails would
make any one smile.

When the Club was half way to Milltown the
clouds broke, the sun was rising, and there was a
really beautiful view on both sides of the road as
they went round a curve,

With the enjoyment of nature's beauties and the
sense of freedom from all restraint, the Club was
was in high spirits, and sang and laughed and
cracked senseless jokes in a giddy style. A high
trestle just before they reached Milltown cooled
down their ardor for a few minutes. Solomon
stalked on ahead in dignified silence. Simon was
afraid to cross, and Ma and Josh were only too
glad of an opportunity to talk big and hang on to
some one, so taking Simon on each side they
crossed after Solomon. All heaved sighs of relief

  

when they arrived safely at the other end.

Milltown had no station building, only a platform.
After taking a drink at a fine spring near the sta-
tion, the Club started on. The post office was
found after some pumping of infantile Milltown
ians, and there some postals were mailed to let
friends know where the Club was.

Milltown is only a small place, but has a large
mill or two and numerous hotels, and is withal a
rather pretty town in some respects.

On a hill, back of the school house, the road
parted. ‘lwo men were standing near the forks
and the Club asked them which was the best road
to Jamesburg. ‘The directions were complicated
as to both, but taking the one which seemed the
least difficult to understand, the Club followed the
left hand road which was also the better, if not the
shorter, from what could be judged. They walk-—

ed and walked, and the road began to get soft as
the sun thawed it,

| Judged by the time and speed
since starting they thought they had gone 8 miles,
and that was the distance to J

: amesburg, according
to Ma’s map, which, by

the way, had only the
Gy

 

Ohe Arga. 85

railroads on it. At length the blacksmith’s shop
mentioned in the directions appeared and the sign
post near it said 5 miles to New Brunswick, and
did not say anything about Jamesburg ; and Jarees-
burg was only three miles from Milltown when
they left the latter place. A native was interview-
ed, who said: “ Five miles to Jamesburg; go to
your right.” ‘The Club then wished they had
taken the other road from Milltown.

Half an hour later another native was seen
roosting on a fence. ‘ How far to Jamesburg ?”
was asked. “Five miles.” Still the Club walked
and tempus fugit. Then two small boys were
met and questioned. ‘They said something about
the Rhode Hall the Club had heard of so often
already, about 14 miles, and about Jamesburg.
Whether the 1} miles was to Rhode Hall, to
Jamesburg, or from Rhode Hall to Jamesburg was
not certain. ‘The Club was getting weary, and the
chances of catching the train at Jamesburg, much
less of seeing the Reform School, were slim. But
soon Rhode Hall was seen. Rhode Hall was a
tavern with several houses about it.

A short distance beyond it a farmer in a wagon
was met and was asked how far it was to James-
burg. “Four miles.” How the Club's spirits
sank. Ten minutes later, another farmer was ask-
edthe same question. ‘Five miles!” Despair
seized the Club, even though the ludicrous in the
answers was appreciated. Then a carriage with
a woman and four or five children passed and to
the old question, the woman answered “14 miles.”
The whoops and yells of joy must have astonished
the good lady.Soon the cross roads were reached
and the sign boards were examined. The sign on
one side of the road read “1 mile to Jamesburg;”
the sign on the other side, “ 14 miles to James-
burg.”

There was a fine large house on one of the
corners, set well back from the road and surround:
ed by a fence having thick square posts. The
Club perched on these posts and meditated—and
rested. It was ro.30 and the distance to James-
burg—if there was a Jamesburg—was uncertain.
The 11 o'clock train could not be caught proba-
bly, so Ma advised the Club to walk on to Hights-
town. The plan was finally agreed to, although

 

the Club would rather have gone to Jamesburg
and waited for the next train, even if it were well
on towards night, or have taken the risk of having
to walk any way than to go the eight miles. Ma
thought it was to Hightstown right then.

Cranbury was five miles distant, and the Club
made up its mind to stop there for dinner. Simon
and Josh were very tired and it was after 12 when
the Club reached Cranbury. On the way the
Club amused itself by munching corn and trying
tosolve the problem given by the sign posts one of
which said: “T’o Rhode Hall,z2 m. To Cran-~
bury, 3 m.;” and another “To Rhode Hall, 3
m. To Cranbury, 3 m.”

Cranbury was a pleasant town and the Club en-
joyed its stay there. They learned that it was only
two miles further to Hightstown, instead of three
as Ma imagined. The bakery was visited and a
few rolls and crullers were purchased, and then
something was wanted to drink, The baker said
there was no milk to be had, and of course soda
water was out of the question. Cider was sug-
gested. ‘That's the stuff !” exclaimed some of
the party. They entered a grocery, but the old lady
attending said they had no cider and did not be-
lieve any could be had in the town; but if they
were thirsty she would give them some water,
which she thought would be better for them than
cider. ‘The Club was given seats and had a jolly
meal in the little grocery on rolls and crullers, to-
gether with some butter and a can of salmon they
purchased there. The kind reception and good
dinner revived the spirits of the Club and _ they
again started on their journey with renewed energy
and grateful hearts.

But the next two miles! The mud was the
deepest the Club had found. It took them over
an hour to walk the two mile, and they were
about exhausted at their journey’s end. A boy
was met on the way, He was a friendly chap, and
the Club had a lively confab with him. He was a
Peddie Institute fellow, on lis way to Cranbury,
and consequently was interesting. He was interest-
ed in the Club also, and certainly he might will be,
for they were an odd looking gang as they sat in a
row on the eulvert, with muddy shoes and rolled
up trousers,

 
oo
=>

By

Hightstown was reached at 2.10 and Peddie
Institute “ at last at length”—to use Cicero's
phrase—was close at hand. Its tower had been
seen ever since Cranbury had been left... Now the
Club braced up and walked two abreast, looking as
spruce as they could to undergo the inspection of
the Institute fellows—and girls. Boldly they
marched up the front walk, up the steps and on
the high porch. “Ma” rang the door bell with a
flourish. Not one of the Club flinched under the
embarrassing examination they received from the
lads and lassies; even opera glasses did not make
them more than blush. A gentleman, who the
Club afterward learned was Principal Slaught, re-
lieved their mental agony by calling them off of
the porch and having their friends hunted up for
them. They found out later that the front path
and the porch were sacred to the “South Wing”
and that the boys’ entrances were either under the
porch or at the side of the building.

The Club's friends were glad to see them, and
after the mud and grime had been washed and
brushed off, introduced them around. Professor
Slaught was most kind, taking them over the
main building and through the pretty new build-
ing, the Longstreet Library which has a science
department on the second floor and an observa-
tory attached. A museum was also on the second
floor and had a very fine collection of minerals, of
which Prof. Slaught seemed justly proud. After
the Principal had completed the tour and had left
a most pleasant impression upon the minds of the
four “ Rats,” the fellows showed them other things
about the main building and took them over the
town.

Everything having been seen, the Club sat
about in the fellows’ rooms and listened to and
told stories of school life and larks. As can be
imagined, this was jolly work, and the Club up-
held the honors of the “ Trap” to the best of their

ability, and having Josh along they did well of.

course.

Ma and Josh went back to New Brunswick by
the 5.24 and were escorted to the station by the
other two members of the Club and their old and
newly made friends. Ma and Josh longed to ac.
cept the invitation to staygover with Solomon and

 

Argo.

Eg

 

Simon, as the cordial, pleasant way in which they
had been treated made them wish to stay longer;
and they had not seen the “South Wing” either.
But duty was duty, so the Club broke up and Ma
and Josh were soon in New Brunswick again,
while Solomon and Simon stayed and had a time
most gorgeous. They saw the “ South Wing,” or
its inmates rather, and said——. But that is not
the business of the Club, nor had it anything to do
with the Club’s walk to Hightstown.
Tau Ramp.

THE RECEPTION.
HE “Trap” held a reception at the “Trap”
on the evening of Feb. 5. It was the first
time anything of the kind had been undertaken by
the boys there, as the traditions from ‘way back do
not state that the boys had ever held one before.

The house was all thrown open and was prettily
decorated with flowers and plants. The commit-
tee took special pains with the dining room, which
had been cleared for dancing. The decorations
were appropriate, being made up of tennis and la-
crosse rackets, base ball masks, a banner and a
flag or two upon the walls, and a foot ball hung
from one of the chandeliers. Our old friends,
Washington and Lincoln, also were there, having
come up from’ the school for the occasion, and
seemed to look down rather more approvingly upon
the scene in the dining room than upon the larks
in the school room, which they have to endure
“when the Prof’s and the ‘ Rats’ do play.”

At 8 o’clock the guests began to arrive, and an
hour later dancing was begun. The old dining
room then looked decidedly gay and more _pleas-
ant than ever before in the memory of the oldest
inhabitant—even at mealtime. The bright young
faces and feet tripping to the music of the piano,
violin and cornet made a picture long to be re-
membered. Refreshments were served at 10.30
and then dancing was resumed until 12 o'clock.

Most of the boys left their rooms open, with
lights burning and everything fixed to look its best,
and many of the guests took the opportunity of in-
specting them. This feature of the evening
seemed to be enjoyed even if dancing was the
main attraction, and certainly it was a pleasure to
a

 

Ohe Argy, 37

 

the boys to show off their quarters and_posses-
sions,

The evening was most pleasant to all concerned
and will doubtless be handed down to succeeding
generations of “ Rats” as “¢he dance we had when

‘Where here in the year the Grammar School
beat the Freshmen at foot ball.”

The committee on the reception was J. H. Se-
berger, H. D .Harder, W. B. Collier and W. H.
Stilson.

The patronesses were Mrs. E. H. Cook, Mrs.
J. S. Clark, Mrs. Clarkson Runyon and Mrs. W.
R. Newton, to whom the “resident students” are
most grateful for their kindness.

Y. MiCc aA.

YOUNG man employed in a London business

house saw his companions ruining their
future prospects by fast living, and, wishing to save
them, he invited them one night to spend the
evening with him at his room. They accepted,
and it is said that the Young Men’s Christian As-
sociation was the outcome of that visit.

So we see that the object of the Y. M. C. A.
even when first organized, was to lead young men
to look away from those things which lead them
down to ruin, and upon those things which lead
them into a higher and nobler life. And _ this is
the object of Y. M. C. A. work to-day.

To draw young men from influences which
create in them evil habits and desires is perhaps
the most prominent phase of Y. M. C. A. work;
in fact all other branches of the work are auxilia-
ries of that object, for the games, gymnasiums and
other attractions are designed to draw men and
boys from the saloons and other such places, and
the evening classes, in almost every study, are de-
signed to show them the higher life to which edu
cation is the door. And they have Bible classes
and prayer meetings, and even prepare men for
evangelistic work.

Now, it is very evident that something like this
is needed in schools and colleges. | And so, to fill
this need, a Y. M. C. A. has been organized in
this school. It is doing some good, we believe,
but hardly enough. Do we appreciate the privi-

 

leges and responsibilities we take upon ourselves
when we join? As members, we ought to stand
by the Association and help to broaden its influ-
ence, for the more work we do for and in such an
association, the more benefit we receive from it
ourselves.

Certainly all Christians need some work that
they can do among their fellows. Perhaps one of
the greatest faults among men of the present day
is that of keeping their religion for Sunday and not
taking it with them into business.

Now the Y. M. C. A. offers us the chance to
show our colors and to express our opinions about
religious subjects, but we do not appreciate the
privilege. We must remember that when we iden-
tify ourselves with a society we are in duty bound
to supportit. Now quite a number of active mem-
bers show up at the meetings very seldom, and the
meetings are consequently less interesting.

Now, let us turn over a new leaf and see what
can be done to improve our Y. M. C. A. Wecan
make it very lively if we choose, and the only ques-
tion is, do we choose ?

The subjects and leaders for the Friday evening
prayer meetings will be :

Friday, Mar. 6—Subject, “ Purity.” Leader,
Prof. W. H. van Allen.

Friday, Mar. 13—Subject, “God's Reward to
those who Read His Word.” Leader, George
Janeway.

Friday, Mar. 2o—Subject, “ Aggressive Christi-
anity.” Leader, George Ludlow.

Friday, Mar. 27—Subject, ‘Intimacy with
Jesus.” Leader, R. K. Painter.

The following are the subjects and leaders for
the Wednesday evening prayer meetings at the
Home: :

Wednesday, Mar. 4—Subject, ‘* Helpers, not
Hinderers.” Leader, F. E. Tilton.

Wednesday, Mar. 11—Subject, “Our Ene-
mies.” Leader, W. Ballagh.

Wednesday, Mar. 18—Subject, “ The Wonder-
ful Powers of Love.” Leader, H. G. Cooke.

Wednesday, Mar. 25—Subject, “ Sowing Allthe
Time.” Leader, F. Schneider,
 

 

 

$8 Ohe Arg.

 

 

PROPOSITION.
Proposition I—Tueorem I.

If Dr. Cook=Natural Philosophy, then will
the electric clock ring.

Hyp.—Let D.C. place a chair directly under
the clock and erect a |. by standing upright on
the said chair, Let D.C. remain | for half an
hour or while the Geometry class is. trying to re-
cite.

To prove.—D. C.=ringing of the electric clock.

Proof —Draw a line connnecting Lewiston,
Me., with Brunswick, Me. run D. C. over this
line and shove him into Bowdoin, keep him here
for four years, or until D. C.=4. y.

But 4. y.=Prof. in Natural Philosophy.

-.- D. C.=Prof. in Natural Philosophy (ax. 1.).

- D. C.=ringing of the electric clock. Q. E. D.

PERSONAL.
Tue mystery of the bell.

 

 

Pur down those snow balls!

Wuo were sick on the 16th?

CLAWHAMMER coats and low-necked dresses.
Tue walk out Hamilton street is very pleasant.

 

WILL you go to M to-night ?

No, to windy.

TuereE has been a number of changes since the
third of February.

Dr. Cook complimented the school on its high
standing last month.

«“] ope the tellers will see to it that the names
are spelled correctly.”

Ir is dangerous for anybody to put their head
out of a window at the “ Trap.”

Last month a debating club was established in
Leal School. It is known as the Delta Beta.

SEVERAL of our boys seem to like to be noticed,
as they very often stand in the middle of the floor.

From the sounds which issue from No. 19, the
inmates must play “ paddie cake, paddie cake,
etc.”

Ir would seem that some of our boys would
prefer having beds in the class rooms instead of

desks,

 

 

 

Tue question has been changed from “ What
did you get for Christmas ” to “ What did you get
in examinations.” .

Tuey say there are to be no more “ free feeds”
given by the C. E. societies, so some of the
“Trap ? boys are in mourning.

TAKEN from a chemistry student's note book:

Ex. I.—“Tried to light Brunsen’s burner, but
Brunsen’s burner wouldn’t work. Experiment
failed.”

A. R. Briccs, ’90, who was for half a year in
Leicester Academy, Leicester, Mass., has passed
the entrance examination and has entered Worces-
ter Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, Mass.

A PRAYER.

“Jove most glorious, great, dark, cloud-collect-
ing, dwelling in the Classical air, thou who so
greatly afilictedest me by keeping me up late so
many a night, grant that thy son may not flunk in
his examination, but may get through aright.”

Thus prayed a student on Feb. 2d, and—
made a bad flunk.

SQUEAKS.
Query.—If I should ¢ flunk” in all my exam’s

would it be a coincidence ?
Ans.—Yes, but it would not be a singular one.

    

Uncle P.—Prof., how can I draw a straight line
through a triangle ?

Prof. N. Y.—You must work that out yourself,
Pe

Uncle J.—Prof., how do you translate this
Greek sentence ?

Prof. N. Y. (hastily)—You must translate it by
your own unaided efforts. It will do you more
good that way.

A rap at Ma's door. Ma

Voice outside—Me.

 

Who’s there ?

Ma (sarcastically)—Who's me? This 1s agram-
mar school, and we are supposed to study gram-
mar.

Voice outside—.Are you going to open that door
or not? I want to fill those lamps.

Ma opening up for Alec, (apologetically)—Oh,
excuse me, l thought it was * Solomon.”
Ohe Arge. 39

The biceps of the three angles of a triangle
meet at a point.

Prof, in Caesar class—What is P. M. the abbre-
viation of ?

Bright scholar—Post Master.

The Huns “ wore skins.”

“Tt makes me feel bad to see the boy who ain’t
woke up.”

N.....—Who was Jacob? |

W....—The father of Lot’s children.

After the proposition had not been demon-
strated ;

The great “ Would Be,” raising his hand—I
didn’t see that, Professor. |

Prof.—Neither did I.

“ All sit a-round square in your seats.”

“ Wooly ” says Y—is a band of iron.

A pun: Ifa fellow is promised a yacht for a
prize, he “ yacht ” to do good work.

“* Wooly ” says they are not so “ barberized” as
to have gas in Minneapolis. We suppose he
means that they have electric lights.

Prof.—Do you know anything about the bell,
“ Saratoga P”

“Saratoga ”—Yes.

Prof.—What ?

“ Saratoga’’—That the clapper is gone.

“ Has the second bell rang yet ?
Dr. C. says that a ‘certain choir he once heard
seemed to sing “ One Sweetly Solemn ‘Thought,

ete ds:
One sweetly solemn thought !

Come! stew me o’er and o'er.

The word “ unhungry” was used by Prof. N. Y.,
so it must be allright.

A member of the history class the other day
stated the fact that some old notable “would not
call for aid until he was killed!”

“How are you going to prove angle COD
equal to angle B O D when it ain't °”

When may a young man escorting a young lady

be called a chaperon ?
When le seems to be merely to be a chap-

 

around.

 

THE GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

IMPORTING RETAILERS IN

TEQS, COPFEGES,

aking Pewder

And CONDENSED MILE,

Lor, Peace & Ghureh 5ts,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

 

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.

baF"200 Stores in the United States.

 

 

OYS, you are all invited to visit our

new and spacious store. We take
pleasure in showing our friends around.
When you want to purchase anything
in the way of Wearing Apparel, we guar-
antee to give the best value at the low-
est prices. We are the Largest Outfit-
ters in the State.

SPECIAL:—We carry a full line of Sporting
Goods.

A, WOLFSON & SONS, Sxee"Betiswis 8. J.

 
i Oke Arga.

ae 7 ~ ae When you want SHOES OF ANY DESCRIPTION, go t :
YOUNG MEN, LOOK!” ate oe
= = 2) CHURCH. STREET Ss
Give him a call and he y
Prices Low. }

 

 

do you good. &

'

FINEST sHoEST | yy, | 4
| 1} nfgers Al ollege,
|  Ayuly | |

‘\

 
  

 

New Brunswick, N. J,
| Term opened September 17th, 1890.
| SLOAN PRIZES
For rue Besr (Crasstcan) Eyrrance Exams
: First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $35:

AMOT

}

 

 

 

iSHOIwMd Ls

| TION}
| ($850 cash). 4
| Twenty Professors. No tutors. The c ical conrse 1s ample ang

lective course in History, osophy, Greek,
L. Hebrew. Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronone, Qe
and English Literature in Junior and Senior years,

thorough,

   

LATEST STYLE

German
| istry, Pl

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey

| State College. 50 Free Scholarships.
Apply to your County Superintendent of Education, or to the
Presiderit of the G }

four
Chemistry.”

—AT—

@
ry Retail Store

Factory an d " i A New Course in Electricity.

k, with careful field practice in Engineering and

q PEACE STREET Thorne 3
. Surveying. ul Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
ratus for cach student, A well-equipped Astronomical Observatory
~ jj '
GYMNASTICXSHOES |

for Student's use,
IN GREAT VARIETY.
For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine

A New $40,000 Laboratory
for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Agricultnral Expe- |
Also, the LARGEST oe OF FOOTWEAR S. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College.
IN THE CITY. AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D.,

riment Station and the State College under the “Hatch Bill” appro-
President,

priation of $14,000 per annum, .
Shoes Made to Measure.
: TAPKEN js? MILLER,

CU atchmakers & Jewelers,

   

School of High Grade. Three Courses of
“Engineering and Mechanics,” “Agriculture and

  

  
 

 

 

GEORGE J. LITTERST & CO,
HATTERS and GENTS’ OUTFITTERS, fe ort

52 Church Street, New Brunswick, N, J. New Brunswicr, N. J.

 

 

   

Corress 5 §

 

 

 

NO R M \ [ Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every branch
! : ~ REVIEW §
LLING. | pondence with teachers and edneators
Mac Coun’s Historical Publications, BOSTON: 6 Hancock Avenue.

SILVER, BURDETT & CO., Publishers,
| of School and College Work.
3 STEM OF WRITING, | Illustrated Catalogues mailed free to any address,
——ees COURSE IN SPELL f
Welsh’s Grammars; Composition; Rhetoric. is solicited,
Young Folks? Library, NEW YORK; 740 and 742 Broadway.
Stowell’s A Healthy Body, ete., ete, CHICAGO; 12 and 124 Wabash Av

ie

 
   
 

| ¥ DAVISON & WHEsoN; x

prugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and
oD

Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Waters,
Photographic Supplies.

Mineral Waters

}
ae BOT |

> « Kamae « Ww » S&
Pa House “as Drugs ue Store,

    
  
    
   
   
   

 

‘School and College
ext- Books.

nalish Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern Languages,
Philosophy, Mathematics, History,
Political Science, etc.

EFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS,

White's Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin-
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott's Greek
Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

 

Phe-:- National-:-Music-:- Course,

Recently adopted by the New Brunswick
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

MASONIC HALL.

 

 

 

  

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N.Y.

Garret Wirsoy.

Secons 60 None.

a
“>

: custom, neither do we employ ::!!:

 

: second-class men to do our ?!!!:

J. E. PAINTON.

G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

as

No. 51 CHURCH STREHT.

 

 
    
     
   
  
 
   
  
     

.O. STILLMAN,

DEALER IN

iamonds, latches,

_ Jewelry and Sterling Silver.
BF Society Pins of all kinds Made to Order.

No. 49 Chureh Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

m

a1

PIGMONDS,
WATCHES a0 Flue JEWELRY,

Society and Class Pins,

Agent for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BI-
. CYCLE SUNDRIES,

) ® 21 Peace Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

—_
\

ISAAC C, BATES,

Gaterer and Confectioner,

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and

Suppers.
No. 109 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

THOS. « HAY,

i

Pianos, Organs,

SHEET MUSIC,

 

‘| 44 Church Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, J.

_
 

ARutgers Ai ollene Arepavatory School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
Fouxpep 1766.

 

 

 

 

 

Next Quarter Begins February 4th, 1891.
E. H. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

INSTRUCTORS.
4880-94.

WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,
Latin Master.

 

 

E. Il. COOK, A. M., Pu. D.,

Head Master.
BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. H. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B., CLARA P. NEWTON. A.B.,
Greek Master. English Master. French and Mathematics.

MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.
MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,

MISS SUSAN C. MORRIS,
Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Departments.

While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; attention will also be paid to students desiring to pre-

pare for business. 4 7 a Rh ae
”” is limited, and cach boy will receive individual attention and care.

The number of pupils at the “ Home
ADMISSION.
Tt is earnestly

Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work.
h for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or quarter. The class work will begin

urged, however, bot!
promptly at the opening of school. A
im a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church he has

Each pupil will bring with h

attended.
= RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.

The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian Character as well.
School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswick Theological Se minary, at

parato;
Kitendance at other places of worship is allowed at the re

On Sunday the pupils of the Pre
irkpatrick Chapel

quest of parent or guardian.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school thrown open to the pupils of the Preparatory S
d with Rutgers College. Titraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the students. Pe P ry School the

Library connecte!
THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

ere are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in which the boys live with the Ilead
Master. ‘These are five to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insures every student some exercise in the open air.
dings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition, Ample grownds are provided for out-door games.

The buil
DAY PUPILS.

Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent £0. New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home. Trains arrive at all hours of
the day and special school rates can be obteined from the railroad.
For day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows : : :
First and Second Primary. . iret eRe Classical and Scientific.+s+e.seee
; Primary seeese Second '* 4 eS Aidaclenstes ee
Frat ntermed| “ Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and Scientific 18 “

ivst Intermediate.--
povona and Third Interme

 

«oe. $14 Per Quarter.
ee

  
 

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, ete., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance. Suites and
arter.

single rooms, $100 per qu
PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS,

ate his department is designed to prepare boys of the youngest school age for the more advanced q Z :
ae on fapedttl care is meer regar? to the eal aan dRnziaee of ual bay" Rivanoed Work of thr sdligoly Rie aay one
ee further information address E. H. COOK, A. M., Ph. D., Head Muster.

y Catulogue or

   
           

 
