 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ae
oe 6 amines 'S Gomes
ee oa
= ree oes oe 9 eee yg eee

Se

 
 

 

 

mn 4
wn @

we

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1891.

Editorials... 0s... + seeeece cece ces
A Night Walk in the Slums. .....-.
Viva la Rutgers Preps........++++

Listen to My Tale of Woe,.....-.
The Trials of an Editor,........-+
New York Cluby.......eeee ener
Alpha Theta.....-..+-++ .
First Game of Base-ball
Entertainment for “ Y” Mission...
Mission Band. . oss... ewes cece

Vie ME Gc AG2 Fee tees cg ss ste

Primary Column. ......+++--085

Personals, wifsedareswdiccvecsoees
Squeaks... .... cece cece eeeeeeees
Class of ’91’s Election of Officers. «

RTE ceSid ee Reged nan air een ais

 
   
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
“tJ. x S. * STEWART. B

"Hats.

New and Nobby Styles for Young Men a special feature.

Neckwear.

Elegant and Stylish, always in Stock,

UNDE RWEA Rie only firetvolaas $2 Derby in the city-
No. 29 CHURCH STREET.

 

 

THE FREDONIAN

« Publishing « House,

7o and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR

FIRST-CLASS PRINTING.

NEW TYPE AND NEW PRESSES.

The Fredonian Publishing Company,

a8

 

WM. E. EDMUNDS.

SMITH & EDMONDS,
=i Matters and Men’e Qutblitters, K

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts., New Brunswick,

Opposite National and People’s Banks,

CORNELIUS HOAGLAND, See
Reliable -- Foot-Wear SSivle's Bevisio,

 

 

JAS. P. SMITH.

 

 

 

Of every description, from the medium to the finest 8380 GEORGE STREET,
xrades, at lowest cash prices,
Athletic, Walking and Dress Shoes, —-I8-——
No. S7 Church Street,
Opp. People’s National Bank. H E A D 0 U A R T ERS
WILLIAM J. SENG —For—
0 ’

School Supplies of all Kinds.
POCKET BOOKS, KNIVES, FOUNTAIN
PENS, FANCY GOODS, PICTURES
AND FRAMFS, GAMES AND
NOVELTIES.

BOOT AND SHOE DEALER
Custom Work and Repairing a specialty.
The Only Place for Fine Hand Sewed Work.
48 & 50 EASTON AVE.

 

even higher prices.

   

 

S#- Free delivery to all nointewithin on

ROGERS, PEET & CO,

RUTGERS

PHARMGCY,

Opposite Rutgers College
Grammar School.

EDW. D. PALMER,

DRUGGIST.

 

Merchant Tailors

AND

   
 
    
 

CLOTHIERS.

GOODS

A SPECIALTY.

1 Paterson Block.

 

 

Honest Fall Overcoats for as little as ten dollars :
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25

ne hundred miles of New York City,

JON 4. WHITTAKER,
FINE TEAS, COFFEE AND SPICES,
Also General Groceries,

Cor. Hamilton and Division Streets.

New York, Oct. ist, 1890,

but the range
- od
. We sell many at

_ Ifa low-priced coat has silk trimmings, either the cloth or the
silk, or both, are apt to be inferior.

are built in the most substantial manner.

: facings or linings only in the better grades,

+ fies the cost of good stuff inside and out.
Autumn Suits are likewise ready.

Our medium priced overcoats
We use silk sleeves,
where the price justi-

THRER _ ( Prince,
BROADWAY ) Warren
STORES. ( dst.'
QHE @ ARGO.

Vor. IL.

 

The Argo:

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

Rutgers College —_ ary School,

Vou. IL. New Brunswick, N. J., Mancn, 1491, No. 6.

BOAKD OF EDITORS:
C, W. GULICK, '91, J. P, STOUT, '91.
Senior Editors.
IN. ENYARD, '®, W.B.COLLIER,'’®, F. JOHANKNECHT, '91,
Associate Editors.

A. SCHUYLER CLARK, "9, R. K, PAINTER, "91,
Business Managers.
2 ee eR eR AREER

One copy, one year, seventy-five cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
C. W. Guuicx, New Brunswick, N.J.,and must be accompanied
with the name of the author.

 

 

S our readers probably know only too well, the
last number of THE ARGo was the poorest
published this year. The Fates and the inborn
contrariness of things seemed to conspire to make
it what it was, and we, the editors, can but confess
that we saw and were deeply mortified by the
numerous mistakes and blunders in the issue.
Recognizing our share of the blame, we will try
our best to make similar errors impossible in the
future.

EALLY, it seems that THE ARGo is blessed as
much as any paper in spite of some of its
hindrances. We have long wished to enlarge it
and have often discussed ways and means to that
end, but now that the matter was put before the
boys it was settled promptly and well. Together
with the teachers, the boys subscribed for sixty
more copies, and have so enabled us to add an ex-
tra sheet for the remaining four issues of this school
year. That was nobly done, and too much credit
cannot be given to the school for such public

 

NEW BRU NSWICK, N. J MARCH, 1 1891. No. 6.

spirit. We hope that the boys will now still
farther aid us by writing, and so help us make THE
Arco better, more interesting than it has yet
been, and a thorough credit to themselves and the
school.

One means for increasing the merits’ of the
paper is a box which will be placed in the school
room to receive contributions any one may
choose to make. If you do nothing more, take
down a “ squeak” or make a note of a personal
and drop it into the box. Any communication
will be most welcome. Our Japanese representa-
tive says that something of the sort has been found
a great success in Japan.

(es the weather grows warmer and

as the ground gets drier also, the shouts of
the boys may be heard on the playground, and all
alike seem to enter into that greatest of all our
National games, base ball. The fellows have
practiced every day when the weather has permit-
ted, and we expect great things to be done by the
team.

FTEN uncertain as Spring is, still she has at
length fairly made up her mind to visit us, it
seems. Fcr some time past the souls which long
for warmer weather and a sight of the earth in
green dress once again, have noticed little signs of
the advent of the pleasantest season of the year.
The days have grown longer, mild spells have be-
come more frequent, the enterprising dandelion
and the festive garlic, the first of growing things
to show signs of life, have been bravely lifting
their heads from out of the cold, cold ground, and
the maples have begun to blossom.
Nature is now waking up in earnest. Most of
the trees are budding and the “grass is growing
green all around,” the birds are commencing to
arrive, the geese and chickens once more adorn
the vacant lots, and the sparrows are as lively as
possible instead of skulking about and quarreling
for sheltered corners, There are innumerable
42 The Argo.

KL

other signs which only a lover of nature notices
and which send thrills of pleasure to his heart
alone. Then, too, the hand organ has appeared,
and who can desire a more certain sign of spring’s
return than that? Did any one ever hear “ Home,
Sweet Home” and “The Boulanger March”
Bround out by a hand organ except in spring or
summer ?

Watch the habits of the young genus homo and
by them learn of the season. Marbles are ¢/e thing
for the small boy you will soon find, and that
means that Spring is here. Base-ball is again on
‘the carpet—diamond if you choose—and the click
of the bats and the cries of “Go! go!” and all
that make one dream of flannel shirts and blazers,
tennis shoes and ice water. If you still need some
Convincing evidence of Spring's arrival search
carefully and, in school at least, you will detect
signs of Spring fever. Your case is hopeless if
that cannot satisfy you that winter is over.

 

(i call the attention of our readers to one of

the pleasing features in connection with
the present issue, namely, the space devoted to the
interests of the Primary and Intermediate depart-
ments of the school. For a long time it has been
the wish of the editors and those interested in the
welfare of the Argo to have these important
divisions of the school represented, but there were
many conflicting circumstances, the chief one be-
ing lack of space. Now that these difficulties have
been surmounted, we trust that always, as in the
present issue, these departments of news will be-
come more and more a source of pleasure, and
will add much to the success of the Aryo and
“ Argonauts” in the search for the “ golden fleece

of popularity.”

A NIGHT WALK IN THE SLUMS.

6¢]T is a glorious night,” said my friend Carlos,

as we walked down The Avenue, under the
brilliant windows of the Union League and through
the awning that protects the guests at a fancy dress
ball from their carriages to the door. “To see
New York at its best, one should explore Murray

 

Hill on a bright moonlight night, when all the
world has put on evening clothes and the palaces
of the nabobs are open to the Four Hundred.
Nothing is more truly American than the society
represented by these men, who, twenty or thirty
years ago, were poor and obscure, and who have
raised themselves so high on the golden ladder by
their industry and perseverance. What an en-
couragement to every humble clerk, barely fed
and clothed by his scanty wages, to think that if
he keeps on he too may strike it rich on Wall
Street, may steal a railway or two, and live happy
ever afterward !”

My friend Carlos is at times cynical, and we had
reacted 34th Street before he had done reviling
the worthy millionaires and their Midas-touch.
“ Let us leave this aristocratic quarter,” said he,
and explore something of Darkest New York,
where the Four Hundred Thousand live ;’ and
without waiting for an answer, he turned across to
the Third Avenue “ L,” muttering the while fierce
objurgations on Plutocracy and all that has to do
therewith. We left the train at a dark and
gloomy street-corner, filthy and ill-smelling, and
overshadowed by the tremendous arches of the
Bridge. “ Here,” said he, “is the Mouth of Hell!
Here Cherry Street begins!”

A narrow, crooked way turns sharply out of
Pearl Street, lined with ugly tenements and lighted
for the most part by the flaring windows of
saloons, from which, as we pass, comes a constant
stream of children, carrying tin pails or cracked
pitchers, “ working the growler,” Carlos whispered.
The sidewalks are crowded with people of
all nations in all stages of intoxication, with every
variety of costume, and agreeing only in that in-
describable mark which always shows the tene-
ment-house inhabitant. Dissolute, bold-faced
women jostle their way through the crowd, the
paint on their cheeks showing livid in the yellow
light from the gas-lamps ; hungry, wolfish-looking
workmen, out of a job for months, stare greedily
in the windows of the low eating-houses at the
uninviting viands there displayed ; wan, feeble,
Seamstresses bend beneath the burden of the
great parcels they are taking home from the
“sweaters’” shops; bestial, low-browed young
The Argo. 43

 

 

ruffians slouch along, their hands in their pockets,
dodging quickly into an alley at sight of the stal-
wart blue-coated policeman that appears around
the corner. “Danger, gentlemen? Not much
now, unless you were to go into a lane or a_hall-
way alone; but afew years ago your life wouldn't
have been worth much if you had come down here
dressed as though you had money in your pockets.
Then, you see, there was only one officer to every
four blocks; but now they've doubled the num-
ber, and we have two blocks apiece. My beat
is right here in front of this one tenement, which
maybe you've heard of—Mullins’ Alley, or Para-
dise Row, they call it, and a good many newspaper
men have written it up. Yes, it’s a tough place,
like all these double-deckers, and I have my hands
fall keeping things straight. There was a murder
in there last night,—one man got mad at his mate
for drinking more than his share of the ‘growler,’
and heaved an iron pot at him and cracked his
skull. How many people are there under that
one roof? Well, counting families and boarders
altogether, I should say five hundred, mostly Irish,
Maybe you'd like to look inside. I'll be glad to
take you in, gentlemen, but I wouldn't advise you
to go alone—the very clothes would be stripped
off your back. Oh, I beg pardon, sir, [this to
Carlos] you are a priest, I see. They wouldn’t
be likely to hurt you, I know. This way, please !
You there, Red Mike, you get out of this or
you'll be wanted at the station-house !”

Red Mike, a sullen young tough, gets out, and
we enter Paradise Alley, over whose doors might
be written, as on the gate of hell, “Abandon hope,
all ye that enter here.”

The rest is like a nightmare. Room after room
is opened, packed to the door with sleeping
figures, in an atmosphere thick and poisonous
with their breath and the unutterable contamina-
tion of the filth everywhere found. Here and
there are groups of carousers, wretched caricatures
of mirth, huddled about a can of stale beer, and
shrinking into shadow at the gleam of brass but-
tons. Down one hall, in a foul little closet, lies
adead baby—Death is the only angel that makes
his visit known in Paradise Row—whose parents
lie on the floor, dead drunk, their grief and hunger

 

alike forgotten. And here, most pitiable of all,
is 4 room with some poor appearance of decency,

made as clean as may be, where a respectable

woman rises to greet us from the bedside of her
daughter, dying, it is evident, of consumption,
“Yes indeed, sir, it’s hard enough sometimes,
when Saturday night comes and the boys are
drinking up the week’s wages; but we lock the
door and try not to hear it!”

Sick at heart, we retreat to the open air of the
street—in comparison fresh and sweet. As we
leave the alley a black-robed Sister enters, greet-
ing the officer with a word of salutation. “If
we've got any saints left on earth, she’s one ”
says he fervently, looking after her. We ask an
explanation, and he tells this story, worthy of in-
scription beside the record of St. Charles Bor-
romeo, St. Elisabeth and St. Theresa: “The
daughter of a millionaire landlord, she had early
seen the wrong of the tenement-house system
from which her father’s wealth had largely come,
and when his death had made her mistress of his
fortune, she used it to endow a mission church
and school in the very heart of the East Side ;
while, to atone more fully for the evil done, she
gave up the world and the things that are in the
world, to take the better part of service among
God’s poor.” Tears come unbidden to our eyes.

Meanwhile, we have turned across to Water
Street, where, among low sailors’ boarding-houses
and dives of indescribable vices, Jerry McAuley
began the work that makes his name glorious,
Late as it is, the Mission is open, and entering, we
hear these straightforward words from a sailor
standing up towards the front: “I never heard
nothing about this thing till one of you asked me
in here; but I like what you have got to say
about this here Jesus Christ, and I'm going to
find out if He’s willing to help a low down fellow
like me!” Who shall say that Jerry McAuley,
being dead, speaks not ?

Outside, through the sin-cursed street . and
through a labyrinth of dark and noisome cross-
streets, we pass across the brilliantly lighted
Bowery, the Broadway of the slums, and plunge
into the obscurity of “The Bend,” on Mulberry
Street, haunted by black-a-vised “dagos,” knights

 
46 ,

proof reading, which is no pleasure by the way, is
done in a hurry, and the corrections may be over-
looked by the printer or be corrected poorly, and
then usually the result is a paper whose mistakes
are enough to make any editor sick enough with-
out the jeers and questions he gets. The print-
ing office may not have enough quotation
marks to go all through a school paper with its re-
quirements in that line, and then a ragged copy is
the result. Resides these, there are other things
for which the editor gets the credit, the blame
really being due the printer.

Now, I suppose this paper will be criticised for
having so long and dry an article in it. Still I hope
those who read this effusion may feel less disposed
to find fault, and may even be moved to put their
shoulders—or pens, to the task of aiding the
editors.

 

NEW YORK CLUB.

HERE being quite a number of the sons of
old New York in the “Trap” it was con-
sidered advisable to organize ourselves into a
club, to beknown as the New York Club, whose
object should be to advance the cause of our
own dear State, and to “‘down” New Jersey in
all athletic games.

On Thursday evening a meeting was held in
the room of Mr. H. D. Harder. After the meet-
ing had been called to order and the party feeling
had somewhat subsided, the chairman arose and
requested each one to raise the right hand and
take the oath of allegiance, which was done, fol-
lowed by a hearty yell, as much so that seyeral
Jerseymen, who were playing in the yard,
fainted.

The election of officers followed, and the fol-
lowing gentlemen were elected: President, J.
H. Seeberger, of the Third Ward, West Troy ;
Chief Bouncers, Messrs Cook and Rottger ;
Poet, H. Clement, of Saratoga; Minister of
Foreign Affairs, D. Sagara, of Tokio, Japan;
Chief Coacher, H. D. Harden, of Castleton ;
Captain of Guard, B. W. Collier, of Second
Ward, Coxsackie: Executioner, Theodore Wil-
liam Rudolph Van Het Loo, whose ancestors

 

The Argo.

have done so much for the advancement of our
State in the past ; Captains of the Base Ball and
Tug-of-War Teams, Messrs. Cook and Rottger ;
Chief Detective, T. Briggs, of Coeyman ; Chief
Door Tender, Fred. Schneider, Brooklyn ; Edi-
tors of the Death Journal, Messrs. F. Walser
and Johanknecht; Mascot, H. Walser, of Staten

Island.

After the officers had taken their places con-
siderable noise was heard at the door. At the
request of the President the Chief Detective was
detailed to ascertain the cause and reportas soon
as possible; in the meantime it was decided to
play the “ Jerseys” on Saturday.

The Captain of the Base Ball team made
some interesting remarks, in which he mention-
ed that “They would have a regular walk over.”
The Chief Detective was admitted, and reported
that he had failed to discover anything of any
consequence, except a few boys loitering around
the fire escape doors, fooling with the pails, and
whom he thought might be Jerseymen from the
size of their feet. Before the detective could fin-
ish his interesting report the chief door keeper
said there was something at the door, but he
was unable to tell what it was, but thought it
looked like an ice wagon, but it was afterward
discovered to be only innocent “ Strawberry.”

After a hearty laugh, there being no more
business before the ineeting, the President re-
quested the Captain of the Guard to march the
members down to the campus in the hopes of
meeting the “Jerseys,” but they were unable to
see any, though the Editor of the Death Journal
said he thought he distinguished a fellow by the
name of “ Sweet Caporal Pete” hiding behind the
umbrella rack, but was not certain.

After reaching the stoop the Jerseymen ap-
peared, but soon fled to be seen no more until
the next morning, when they very meekly took
their places at the table,

After giving the Club yell, each one departed
for his respective room, where the rest of the
evening was spent in study, the only interrup-
tion being poor little « Woolly's” practicing his

dumb-bell exercise. Empire.
The Argo. 47

ALPHA THETA.

oe the last literary society died some three

or four years ago, a lack of something of that
order has been felt in the school. As such things
go, the matter was not taken hold of” although
wishes were often expressed that such a society
might be started, and nothing was done until this
last month. Then with the life and enterprise
which is rapidly rising among us, a meeting was
called in the study room on Saturday, Feb. 14, and
it was decided to organize a dramatic, literary and
debating society. This has since been named the
Alpha Theta. Ata special meeting on the after-
noon of Feb. 17, the report of the committee on
organization was adopted and, as a fully organized
society, with a constitution, by-laws and a name,
the Alpha Theta made its bow to the world.

The meetings of the society are held every Sat-
urday evening and have already done much in
bringing out the abilities of the members and in
teaching them parliamentary usages. The mem-
bership of the society is limited to “Trap” fellows
only and the society consequently has the advan-
tage of having all its members in one place with
many interests in common.

At least one other literary society has come into
existence since the Alpha Theta has been started
—the T. N.S., having its headquarters at the
“Trap” and its members including “ Trap” and
down-town “Rats” and Freshmen. There has
also been a blossoming out of orange ribbons in
school which would seem to indicate the presence
of another society—/ossibly not literary. The

younger boys have formed a society too. It is
called the T. S., and has black and red as its colors,
a weekly due of ro cents, and a grand feed in June
for an object. To these her sister societies Alpha
Theta extends cordial greeting and wishes them
the best of success.

FIRST GAME OF BASE BALL.
«6 (XUR table, however, has defeated both of
the other tables at foot-ball by an over-
whelming score, and we are ready to repeat the
same victory at base-ball.” a
We quote the above from an article that appear-
ed in the Nov. Arco on “Our Table.” (Table
No. 3.) We thought at the time that it hada sort of

 

 

a half-grown chickeny squeak to it, but deemed it
better to bide our time and let the events prove
the shallowness of the boast. ‘Murder will
out,” you know. The truth must come to the
front. Brains and skill will tell if given time.
These solemn and irrevocable truths were clearly
Proven on the sixteenth when the Table so mighty
in football met its neighbor on the diamond ; and
what was the result? Ye gods, in whom they
trusted so boastfully, we wonder not that ye hide
your faces in confusion! Neither is it strange
that the animated discussion on base ball is no
longer heard to emanate from the third Table.
Their side-long glance of condescension toward
Table No. 2 have ceased. They have had a
chance to meet their nearest neighbor in base ball,
and the score ws overwhelming, sadly overwhelm-
ing for Table No. 3. Seven innings were played
and the score stood 11 to 4 in favor of Table No.
2. The nines were as follows:

Table No. 2—Catcher, Rottger; Pitcher, Stil-
son; 1st Base, Craig; 2d Base, Schneider; 3d
Base, Harder; Short Stop, Hillyer; R. field,
Briggs; L. field, Johnson; C. field, Spelker.

Table No. 3—Catcher, Wills ; Pitcher, Ballagh ;
1st Base, Scudder; 2d Base, Cooke; 3d Base,
Tilton; Short Stop, Johanknecht; R. field, J.
Provost Stout; L. field, Stout: C. field, John P.
Stout.

ENTERTAINMENT FOR “Y” MISSION.

(2 the auspices of the Mission Band and

aided by the tireless energy of Prof. Cum-
mings, 2 number of the students of the Prepara-
tory School worked up an entertainment for the
benefit of the “Y” Mission of this city. The
eventful evening, March 6th, found the boys in a
flurry of burnt cork and feminine attire. They
presented two farces to an appreciative audience
in Association Hall, and succeeded admirably, at
least so the audience said, for was not Scudder
taken for a real charming Polly? And Stout with
his “Dear John! de-ar John!” so affected the
reporters that the city papers said that “the
young men of the Preparatory School, assisted by
several young ladies, gave an entertainment,” etc.

 

 
48

While the blooming bride from Bergen Point only
needed orange blossoms, complexion powder and
rice dropping from his bonnet to seem as if he had
just stepped from the altar. Seeberger had the
principal male character and appeared to great ad-
vantage.

The second farce--* Shall our mother’s vote ?”
was enlivened by the appearance of Craig and
Briggs, who delighted the eyes and ears of the
audience with burnt cork and typical music, while
Enyard and Greene sang new and original words
to the two old tunes which ring most often from
the ancient walls of the “ Trap.” These are printed
in this number of Tue Arco. The grateful
acknowledgments of the Band are due to Miss
Mina Felter, who very kindly consented to sing in
the entertainment. Also to the R. C. P. S. Glee
Club, without whose timely aid the audience
would not have departed so well pleased, and
moreoyer to Prof. Cummings who entertained the
participants in the farces at Bates.

The net proceeds cleared by the Band amount-
ed to about $45.00.

THE MISSION BAND.

HE Mission Band was organized about the
middle of last October for the purpose of in-
teresting the boys at the “ Home” in foreign and
home missions, and also for the purpose of aiding
the City Missions. Prof. Cummings, the prime
factor of the movement, leads a Bible reading at
the “Home” every Sunday morning, which
proves very interesting and gives the boys a deeper
insight into God’s words.

The members of the Band voluntarily give a
portion of their time to the City Missions, and
consider it well spent, as it is fraught with good
results both to themselves and to others.

A part of the Sunday moming hour is devoted
to the Bible reading, and often a paper on the
Mission work in various countries is prepared and
read by one of the boys.

A short time ago the eagle eye of our President
discovered that the “Y” Mission needed new
seats, and here he suggested lay work for the
Band. The members, kindly aided by a number

 

The Argo.

 

of other scholars, produced an entertainment and
netted a considerable sum for the good of the
Mission.

 

Y..M. C.A.

REPORT OF DELEGATES TO THE TRENTON CONVEN-
TION.

nee twenty-second convention of the Y. M. C.
A., of the State of New Jersey, was probably
the best ever held in the State. - Forty-one asso-
ciations were represented and about four hundred
delegates were in attendance. The first meeting
of the convention was held in the Third Presby-
terian Church on Thursday evening, Feb. 26. The
pastor of the church, in his address of welcome,
said, among other things: “ The object of the Y.
M. C, A. is to lead young men to Christ.” Dr.
Hulbard, of Philadelphia, made the address of
the evening. He said “ the situation to-day wants
the soldier’s skill, the sailor's endurance, the states-
man’s prudence and the politician’s shrewdness,
Above all Christian consecration.

On Friday morning the principal business was
the reading of reports from the different associa-
tions and an address by the physical director of
the Bedford Branch of the Brooklyn Y. M. C. A.

The college delegates met in separate session at
4.M. Mr. Johnson, of Rutgers, and Mr. Dun-
ham, of Princeton, spoke of the work of the col-
lege deputation. Mr. Dunham urged the need of
a “correspondence committe.” This committee
should have four members and correspond about
methods of work with other associations.

The session of Friday evening was devoted to
railroad work.

Saturday morning opened much pleasanter than
the preceding days. Mr. Murray of Plainfield,
gave a very fine Bible reading on Galatians. The
rest of the morning was taken up by the reading
of various reports.

At the afternoon session Prof, Cummings, of
New Brunswick, presided. Mr. Barnes, of Yale.
was the first speaker. He said in substance:
“College men are to rule and govern the world in
the future. I believe most thoroughly in commit-
tees.” He suggested a membership committee
 

' The A rgo.

—_—__——_ —__——

and the use of pledges for applications for member-
ship. He advocated a prayer meeting committee,
which should attend to the music, attendance and
general conduct of the meetings, picking out the
subject in advance.

Mr. Hart, of Wesleyan, spoke principally of the
“Student's Volunteer Movement.” Prof. Good-
win, of Columbia, speaking of the relation of col-
lege and association work to each other in general
said: “There is much good that can be done
in a college town by college men. For a college
man has great influence among other young
men.”

In the * Church Parlor Conference,” for college
delegates, Mr. Naismith, of the Springfield Train-
ing School, said: “The principal thing is what we
are going to do after we leave college. A wealthy
man you say has great responsibility, but how
much responsibility has an educated man. Use
your advantages aright. Let us sanctify the sports
of this country ; they are good and healthy, and
God meant us to use them.”

Mr. Hart again spoke, this time of Bible study.
“ Study it,” he said, ‘not the last thing at night,
when you fall asleep in the middle of a verse, but
when you can understand it and bring all your
powers to bear upon it.”

Inthe evening Mr. Blaikie, of New York, de-
livered a very fine address to college students.

Two meetings were held in the Opera House on
Sunday afternoon and evening, which were very
largely attended. The Sunday evening meeting
was the “ farewell meeting” of the convention, and
was very impressive.

The following are the subjects and leaders dur-
ing April:

Friday, April ro—Subject: “ Aggressive Chris-
tianity.” Leader, George Ludlow.

Friday, April 17—Subject : “ The Folly of Neg-
lect.” Leader, W. W. Ballagh.

Friday, April 24—Subject : “| What Think You
of Christ?” Leader, F. Schneider.

Wednesday, April 8—Subject: “ The Right
Will Surely Triumph.” Leader, A. H. Rottger.

Wednesday, April 15—Subject: “Come Thou
With us.” Leader, F. W. Johanknecht.

Wednesday, April 22—Subject : * Who is on
the Lord's Side?” Leader, J. H. Seeberger.

 

49

PRIMARY COLUMN.

 

EDITORS:

C. T. Cowennoven, Joun W. METTLER.

 

A TRIP TO A SUGAR BUSH.

Ose Saturday morning a party of six or seven,
including myself, started to visit a sugar bush.

The ground was very damp on accbunt of the
snow which had but a short time before melted
away.

After reaching the outskirts of the town we
were obliged to walk about two miles over very
rough fields. We had to jump over knolls, climb
fences, and when we reached there all of us, ex-
cept the boys, who were provided with rubber
boots, had very wet feet.

As there was a fire the girls took off their shoes
and tried to dry them, and after sitting on a log
for about an hour they succeeded.

As the hut in which we were resting was made
of logs and the cracks were filled with moss, the
inside presented rather a rough appearance.

Of course we expected to find plenty of maple
sugar, but we were disappointed, as they had sent
it all to town the day before.

We had provided ourselves with lunch and were
bound to have some fun after walking such a long
distance.

The men were boiling down sap and we each
took a good drink.

We passed the rest of the day very pleasantly
and when we reached home told everybody that
the sugar was fine, although, I am sorry to say,
we did not have the pleasure of eating any.

 

PERSONALS.

The only primary boy who lives at the “Trap”
is Charles Martin of Sayreville.

Garner and Walter Devoe, who boarded at the
“Trap” in the early part of the year, now com-
mute from Spottswood.

Will Gates who was with us last year, and his
brother, M. E. Gates, Jr., who was down stairs,
are now in the High School at Amherst, Mass,
 

50 The Argo.

 

Miss Trott, who left about Thanksgiving time
on account of her health has not been able to re.
turn as yet, but all of the scholars are eagerly look-
ing for the time when she will be among us again.

The following composition was handed in by
a member of the Natural History class. He is
only eight *years old, and the composition was
his first since coming to the school :

HYENAS.

The Hyena is a very fierce animal; his food
is stale and rotten and so decayed that it smells
and he goes after lions and eats the remains of
thear food he is very awkward has high shoul-
pers and his back by his tail slants down ward
when he obtains his food he gets behind bushes
and jumps at it.

PERSONAL.
VACATION.

“ He will die respectably.”

EvIpENTLY one of our boys wishes to make an
Indian of himself.

“ SomE boys are a fool.”
At the Prep. School entertainment a person in

the audience was heard to say: “Don’t Stilson
make a sweet girl ?”

“Ts the front side of my face spoiled?”

LAWRENCE made a visit to the “Trap” on
March 12.

Pror. N. Y.—What internal trouble was there
at Sparta ?

V. S.—An earthquake.

J. H. Tuompsoy, 90, was awarded the Quick
prize in grammar and spelling.

Drury, ‘92, spent the week ending March arst
at Atlantic City.

Amonc the things found in the desks, were
“Gospel Hymns,” “ Battle of Gettysburg,”
the “ Police Gazette.”

and

 

“ Pop” says he thinks he will go on the stage.
Now to beat the Freshmen again.

Tue graduating class have handed in their ora-
tions.

Tue Base Ball team has been chosen with the
following as members: Deshler, Enyard, Capt.;
Runyon, Geo. Ludlow, Van Dyck, Wills, Ballagh,
English, A. M. Clark, Van Slyke, Stilson, Scud-
der.

CoLuieR, ‘92, has been elected Captain of the
second base ball team.

Tue ball team have been measured for their
suits, and expect to have them in a week or two.

THERE are a large number of mystics !

CLASS OF 9g1’s ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

T the very spirited meetings held by the Class
A of ’9t on March 18th, 19th and zoth, re-
spectively, the following officers were elected with
large majorities in each case: A. S. Clark, Presi-
dent ; George Janeway, Vice-President ; Daniel
Morrison, Secretary ; J. P. Stout, Treasurer. To
say that the meetings were noisy would be express-
ing it, as the boys say, “rather mild,” owing to
the desire on the part of half the class to occupy
the floor at the same time, but Chairman Painter,
pro tem., exercised his knowledge of “ Robert's
Rules of Order,” and succeeded in quelling the
riot (?). The officers from the Scientific section
were: Messrs. Clark and Morrison; Classical,
Janeway and Stout.

SQUEAKS.
In Cesar class. Prof.: Now Y , for several
days you have given me nothing, and I have given

you nothing. Iam always ready to make a fair
exchange.

 

Why is S—— like Jack Frost ?

Because he always brings out the chestnuts.

The base-bawl: “ How’s that, Mr. Umpire ?”

In German class: ‘“ He was seated on the first
side of the ship.”

The scholar translating proba-
bly ment * bow.”
The Argo, 51

LEFT.
‘VE been left in examinations, but I don’t mean
that. I've just missed trains, but I don't
mean that. I've been left in other ways, too,
but the one left I mean is the being left in
school after the most of the scholars have gone
home for a vacation.

Have you, my reader, ever had that experi-
ence? Have you, for any reason, been one of
the three or four left in the “Trap” when all
the rest have gone? I have, and it isa peculiar-
ly unpleasant experience.

Somehow, even if it is slightly melancholy,
the bustle of preparation for leaving atays one
up a liitle, but when you goto the train with
the last lot of fellows and the train disappears
with them, as you take your solitary way back
to the “Trap” you feel left—wretchedly left.
The * Trap” is gloomy—gloomy beyond recog-
nition—and as you go through the silent halls

to look wp your companions in misery, you don’t .

feel happy. Your talk is not lively, the meals
are almost ghastly in the emptiness of the
dining room, no games to make the campus
cheerful, nothing to do. The teachers being
away you can raise all the racket you choose,
but there is no excitement in doing that now.
It’s pretty much like work. You don’t feel like
reading and you can’t get out the lessons for
the day after vacation. There is a peculiar
stillness that suffocates you and such an odd
smell, You may laugh at the latter, but you
won't think it pure fancy if you have ever been

left.

The height of misery is reached at night. The
house is terribly dark and lifeless. You take a
walk down Church Street, but even that is no
fun somehow. Things don’t look gay and you
come back feeling more depressed. You don’t
want to go to bed, but there is nothing else to
do it seems. /

If it is rainy—Oh ye gods and little fishes !
T cannot bear to think of it even. oo.

The tithe to leave comes and your relief is
great, but then even you have not the feeiing of
intense joy and gayety that you would have had
if you had not been jeft behind when the crowd
went home.

 

THE GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

——— IMPORTING RETAILERS IN

TEGS, COFFEES,
Baking Powder

And CONDENSED MILK,

Cor, Peace ® Church Sts.,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.

ka5°200 Stores in the United States.

 

xx eK RK EK

The reputation that the clothes
of our make has earned during the
past 35 years is sufficient guaran-
tee as to their being stylish, sub-
stantial and reasonable in price,
both in custom and ready-made.

Special:
We keep a full line Try our $1.90 Derby,
of Sporting Goods on and our

hand. $3.00 Shoes.

A. WOLFSON & SONS,
Largest Outfitters in the State,
328-330 Burnet Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
The Argo.

52

YOUNG MEN, LOOK!

OF

—-)

Base Ball, Tennis, Reception, an¢
do you good.

   

FINEST SHOES?
: 4

TC STYLE

SIUM dd L

;
(Q
69)
H Q
Hy f)

Marding & Mansfield’s
Factory and Retail Store,
9 PEACE STREET.
GYMNASTIC *¥ SHOES

IN GREAT VARIETY.
Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR
IN THE CITY.

 

Shoes Made to Measure.

GEORGE J. LITTERST & C0.
WATTERS and GENTS’ OUTHITTERS,

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

SILVER,

MUSIC COURSE,
COURSE IN READING,
REVIE YSTEM OF WRITING,
COURSE IN SPELLING:

yosition; Rhetoric.

1's Historical Publications.
Young Folks’ Library.

52 Church Street,

___—-

 

NORMAL

Welsh's Grammars; Com}
Mac Couv

When you want SHOES O!

CHURCH!

lany kind of Shoes you may wish for.  (

BURDETT & CO., Publishers,

ANY DESCRIPTION, go ¢
» &9 to

Wm. H. Cooper, Jy:
STREET. .
rive him a call and he will

pax’ Prices Low.

9 - we
julgers Al ollege

New Brunswick, N. J.
Term opened September 17th, 1890.

SLOAN PRIZES
For rue Best (CrasstcaL) Entrance Examina-

rons : First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350

(350 cash).

    

Twenty Professors. No tutors. The classical course 1s an .
eer course 1b History, Philosophy, ered
s, Astronomy, Chem:

 

thorungh.
German, French, Hebrew, krit, Mathen
) Literature in Junior and Senior years.

istry, Physics aud Enxlisl
The Scientific Department is the New Jersey

State College. 50 Free Scholarships.

Apply to your County Supe ntendent of Education, o:
pretely te g ur County Superinten ent of Education, or to the
sideut Heal scientific School of High Grade, Three Courses of
Four Years each—" Engineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture ‘ana
Chemistry." ~
A New Course in Electricity.

rk, with careful field practice in Engineeri
ful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with Wilinioe:
ident. A well-equipped Astronouical Observatory

  
  

ratus f¢
for Student's use.
A New $40,000 Laboratory

for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Aricult
| for tit Station and the State Collece under the te daricndeara Exre-
| priation of $15,000 per apnuin,

For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine
|. S. Urson, Librarian, Rutgers College.

AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D.,
Presiden

TAPKEN 9° MILLER,
@Uatchmakers & Jewelers,
|

59 CHURCH STR EET,
New Brenswicx, N. J.

NewText-Books and Helys for nearly every branch
of School and College Work.
Illustrated Catalogues mailed free to any address Corres-
pondence with teac bers and educators
is solicited

Choice

BOSTON: 6 Hancock Avenue,
NEW YORE: 740 and 742 Broadway.

CHICAGO; 1:4 ard I-4 Wolcsl Aveo

Stowell’s A Healthy Body, ete,, ete,

a
merece:
* DAVISON & WHESOM ¥
(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILMER,) ;
Pure Drugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and Mineral Waters

Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Waters
Photographic Supplies.

eh
{

ae

Fy

Opera « House « Drug «

Wm. M. Davison.

 

School and College |

 

MASONIC HALL.

Garret Witsoy.

 

Secone GO Mone.

‘lLext- Books.
ma |
ox COOKS. | a
English Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern Languages, | hid aoe As: ‘nine daneycamnond ‘laws “12004
Philosophy, Mathematics, History, viii: We'do, not carry second class £3131
Political Science, ete. :ifi: goods in either ready-made or :*!: }

REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS,

White's Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin-
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott's Greek
Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

The -:- National-:-Music-:- Course,
Recently adopted by the New Brunswick
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N.Y.

0. 0. STILLMAN,

DEALER IN

Tliamonds, Glatehes,

 

4

W. SCHLESINGER’S,
“Cafe Brunswick.”
Telephone Call 18.

   

  

:* custom, neither do we employ :

second-class men to do our

J. E. PAINTON.
G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

No. 51 CHURCH STREET.

ISAAC C, BATES,

@aterer and Confectioner,

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and

Jewelry aud Sterling Silver. nea Suppers.
[aySociety Pins of all kinds Made to Order. po CHURCH Sa EBEE: 7
uatieeunnecangeanenntenennusi No. 109 Church Street,
No. 49 Church Street, 4 NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

A. Craig Voortees,

DIAMONDS,

WATCHES AND FINE JEWELRY,

Crniofn and lace Pin
Society and Class Pins.

Agent for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BI- |
CYCLE SUNDRIES.
No.

21 Peace §

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, J.

 

Elegant Turnouts always Clean. |

THOS. « KAY,
‘Pisnos, Organs,

| SHEET MUSIC,

MeDede’s Lrvery, 41 Church Street,

23-29 BASTON AVE.

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, J.

LA
Coz Du my

) + Che
xu . / C,-
niigers College Lreparatory Seliool,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J=

. Founpep 1766.

a%

 

 

 

 

 

Next Quarter Begins February 4th, 1891.
E. H. COOK, .A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

INSTRUCTORS.
4890504.

E. H. COOK, A.-M., Pa. D., WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,

Tead Master. Latin Master,
BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. HW. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B., CLARA P. NEWTON. A.B.,
Greek Master. English Master. French and Mathematics.

MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,

Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS SUSAN ©. MORRIS, MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,
Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Departments.

While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; attention will also be paid to students desiring to pre-

pare for business.
The number of pupils at the “ Home” is limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

: _ ADMISSION.

Pupils will be reccived at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work. It is earnestly
urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or guarter. The class work will begin

promptly at the opening of school. ‘ .
Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church be has

attended.
RELIGIOUS. EXERCISES.

The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian Character as well. On Sunday th i: D,
paratory School worship with the Students and Facultics ‘of Rutgers College and the New Brunswick Theological Se mina: at Birt patick Chena
Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian. *

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school thrown open to the pupils of the P: yr 8
Library eoaneeied with Rutgers College. Libraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the stdente: pupils of the Preparatory School the

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in which the boys li ci
Master. These are five to Ten minutes” walk distant from each other, and thus insures every student some exercise tothe ones me it the Teed
The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition. Ample grounds are provided for out-door games.

DAY. PUPILS.

a Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home. i niv.
ime day and pial school rates can be obtsined from the railroad. y - home. ‘Trains arrive at all hours of
Yor day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows:

 

    
 

irst and Second Primary... $ 8 Per quarter. First Year Classical and Scientific..ssseseecsscecses °
Third Primm trys +000 10, 38 o Second ‘ = ae steeeeeneee peat) Pe Quarter.
19 # « Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and Scientific 18 “ “

First Intermediate...

Second and Third Intermediate.... 2 “ “

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, etc., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance. Suites and
single rooms, $100 per quarter.

PRIMARY AND INTERME?HIATE DEPARTMENTS.

The work in this department is designed to prepare boys of the youngest school age for the more advanced work of the se
of pupils is limited. Special care is tuken in regaré to the morals and language of each boy, erneo Hoa pember

For Catalogue or further information address E. H. COOK, A. M., Ph. D., Head Master.

: LLinerrt yt

 
