 

 

VOL. XV.—No. 8
MAY, 1904

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers. Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
 

I THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER’S,
376 George St.

 

Satisfaction. Low Prices.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

2a FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

9 Peace Sr. New Brunswiox.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,
NEW STOCK OF DRESS GOODS & SILKS | Carpets, Mattings and Rugs,

 

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. Linoleums and Oil Cloths.
SUITS AND JACKETS, LAREN. and Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 2 CHURCH STREET.

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
THE ARGO, II

T. C. HAGEMAN,
FINE CLOTHIER AND FURNISHER

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWART’S TWABERDASHERY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
CHURCH STREGT, NO. 29.

 

 

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY

 

 

 

DESCRIPIION.
3880 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN, Photographer
Pia One uel Eneacingead Welding. | Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
Anvitatons. 355 George St., New Brunswick.
45 CHURCH STREET.
CIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR L. VOLKERT,
A TEN CENT SHINE FOR FIVE CTS. 5
Polish, Shoe Laces and Fine Cigars. Merchant Tailor,
ALL SHINES 5 CENTS. 359 GEORGE STREET,

Dominic Cupoli & Company,

New Brunswick, N. J.
405 GEORGE STREET.

LYONS & PARKER, Jacob Weber,

Byres, Teach Suits, ie MERCHANT - TAILOR,

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. 417 George St.

 

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the flrms that advertise in The Argo.
THE ARGO.

RANDOLPH, f2t2-S24PHe8

Studio: George St., opp. Soldiers’ Monument
SPECIAL RATES TO STUDENTS.

We have special school and college mounts and special backgrounds.
This is a spEcIAL invitation to you to call at Studio.

Belz TAPKEN,

JEWELER.
All Kinds of Society Emblems = Cor Church and Neilson Sts.

I

 

 

 

 

Telephone 46. A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF..........
EVERYTHING THE BEST. Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s
2 ese '. SHOES -
GROCER,
MONUMENT SQUARE. AT LOWEST PRICES

 

FINE CONFECTIONERY and ICE ,REAM —

oe PRUNS ViLLIAM @, SENG &.

71 CHURCH STREET
Graham & McCormick, Rutgers Prep. School

Caterers and Confectioners Shoe Stores.
FANCY CAKE BAKERS.
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

| The New York Confectionery. Repairing Neatly Done
Pp. A. CONSTANTINIDUS & CO.

401 CHURCH ST., NEAR GEORGE ST. Remember the two stores,

New Brunswick, N. J. 48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
 

THE ARGO.

 

VoL. XV.

New Brunswick, N. J., May, 1904.

No. 8.

 

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

<>

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
THOMAS DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE,
Editor-in-Chief.

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana,
FRANCIS M. POTTE
{ews

R
DUMONT EF. ELMENDORF,
CLARKSON STELLE,

Ss. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
BENJAMIN M..MILLER,
BENTAMIN WARNER | Business Managers.

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents
‘All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-

Chief, R. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be

accompanied with the name of the author.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Ofticers of the school, students, and alumni are most

cordially invited to contribute.

WE WISH TO APOLOGIZE.

We wish to apologize to our readers for the
delaying of The Argo for April and for May.
For these delays we were not altogether re-
sponisble, yet we do not desire to shirk the just
blame which is due us. Next month (June)
the last number of this volume will make its
appearance as soon after Commencement as is
possible, and we therefore request our readers
to heed the notice in another column and hand
in their names to the management as soon as
possible. If you did not hand in your name
you will not receive the June number, which

will probably be larger than usual.

THE BASEBALL TEAM.

Though the baseball team has not been very
successful so far this season, let no one think
for a moment that that is an excuse for not
attending the games and not cheering. We
should cheer just as hard when defeat is com-
ing our way. Let every one feel it his privilege
to cheer and then the team will know more
surely that

We must win the game.

 

FRATERNITIES.

Some people ask the question: “Are farter-
nities a good thing for Rutgers Prep.?” We
would most emphatically answer in the affirm-
ative. Interest in the Athletic Association, the
athletic teams, and in all branches of the
School’s life is heightened because of the rival-
ry among the fraternities. This rivalry, ris-
ing, perhaps, from selfish motives, but conduct-
ed in an honest way, will result for good, not
only to the School as a whole, but also

individually.

 

ALUMNIANA.

[All authentic notes pertaining to those who,
at one time or another, have been connected
with the School, will be gratefully received.]

Frank Dawson, ’94, Rutgers College, ’98,
was in town recently. Mr. Dawson, who grad-
uated from the local Seminary in 1901, is even
more successful in catching souls than he was
in skillfully catching flies behind the bat for
the School ten years ago.

Clarence E. Case, 96, was in town May
sixth. Mr. Case is a lawyer, having his offices
in Somerville, N. J.

Miss Elizabeth Corbin, ’96, who has been

 

 

 
72 THE ARGO.

spending the winter in this city, recently re-
turned to her home in Oxford, N. Y.

John E. Gleason, ‘96, is in California on
business.

Frank L. Janeway, '96, is in town again,
after spending the winter in New York City,
where he was a student in Union Theological
Seminary.

Frederick H. Douglas, ’96, Princeton Uni-
versity, 1900, is a member of the Executive
Committee of the Princeton Club, of Newark.

Alonzo Ranson, ’97, was recently graduated
from the local Theological Seminary with high
honors, and was one of the speakers at the
Commencement exercises at that institution.
Mr. Ranson was awarded second prize in the
contest for the Bussing Prizes.

Nicholas N. Williamson, ’97, recently won
the first prize in a handicap contest on the links
of the New Brunswick Golf Club.

SE

Henry Pearne Miller, 1898, passed away in
a hospital at Minneapolis, Minn., on May sev-
enteenth. Mr. Miller was recovering from an
attack of grip and death resulted from going
back to his work before he had fully recov-
ered. When in the School the deceased made
many friends, and his sudden death was a great
shock to all who had the pleasure of his ac-
quaintance. Mr. Miller was a member of the
Beta Phi Fraternity and was also in the drill
while a student in the School. In 1902 Mr.
Miller was graduated from Rutgers College.
To Mr. Benjamin Miller, 1904, a brother of
the deceased, The Argo extends its heartfelt
sympathy.
EE
~ William B. Wyckoff, ’98, was in town re-
cently. Mr. Wyckoff’s address is 231 West
Eleventh street, New York City.

Martin L. Schenck, ’oo, recently won second
prize in a speaking contest at Rutgers College.

Carroll Badeau, ’o1, was in town recently,
He has a position at Newark with the Public
Service Corporation.

Charles P. Wilbur, ’or, has been elected cap-

tain of the Rutgers College gymnasium team
for the season of 1905.

Ned Wilbur, ’o1, won second place in the
120-vard hurdle race in the dual track meet
between Rutgers College and Haverford Col-
lege on Saturday, May seventh.

T, Alan Devan, 02, won second place in the
pole vault in the dual track games between
Rutgers College and C. C. N. Y. on May
fourteenth.

Harold E. Green, ’o2, is playing first base
on the Rutgers College baseball team.

Gilbert Mason, ’o1, has joined the “Tower
Club,” of Princeton University.

Clifford I. Voorhees, ex-’o1, has joined “The
Ivy Club,” of Princeton University. Mr.
Voorhees is also a member of the chorus of
the Triangle Club’s Musical Comedy, entitled
“The Man From Where.”

William R. Hill, ex-’84, has been elected
vice-president of the New Brunswick Golf
Club.

John DeMott, ex-’03, has a position in the
engineering corps of the Public Service Cor-
poration, and is stationed in this city.

Walter R. Moss, ’03, was in town during the
first week in May. He is working in New
York City.

Ralph P. Badeau, ex-’o4, was in town
recently.

 

NOTICE

Since the June number of “The Argo” will not
be ready until after the School closes, subscribers
are requested to hand their NAMES and AD-
DRESSES IN FULL to the Business Managers
as soon as possible. Subscribers will NOT receive
their “Argos” unless this request is complied with.
As the June number will be very attractive, per-
haps you may wish extra copies—same will be
sent to any address upon receipt of 10 cents.

————_____
RUTGERS PREP., 6; CEDARCROFT, 3.

The Rutgers Prep. School baseball team de-
feated the team from Cedarcroft Academy, of
Plainfield, in a well-played game at Nei!son
THE ARGO. 73

Field on April twenty-third. The score, 6-3,
shows how close the contest was, although
the local school was always leading. In the
third inning the boys from Plainfield scored
one run by good hitting. But at their turn at
the bat R. P. S. did their opponents one better
by scoring two runs on heavy hitting. In the
next inning Cedarcroft scored two more riins,
while the local team was blanked. But in the
sixth the Preparatory School practically won
the game by scoring four times on a series of
hits and errors. There was no further scoring.

The line-up of the Rutgers Prep. team was
as follows: Case, c.; Fisher, p.; Matzke, 1b.;
Lang, 2b.; Hancock, ss.; Thompson, 3b.; C.
Nicholas, lf.; Kirkpatrick, cf.; Opdyke, rf.; C.
Corbin, cf.

Fisher pitched a fine game and received good
support. The cheering was also good. The
cheerleaders were Kilmer, ’04, and Devan, ’04.

THE PRINCETON
INTERSCHOLASTIC GAMES.

On April thirteenth the track team, accom-
panied by seven or eight “rooters,” journeyed
to Princeton, and, though they did not meet
with success, had a fine time. At noon the
squad and “rooters” took lunch at the Charter
Club, and immediately after this proceeded to
the ’Varsity Field, where the games were held.

In the hundred-yard dash Fisher, Verdi and
Woodbridge were entered, and, although out-
classed, ran remarkably well. This was won
by W. Hoganson, of Lewis Institute, who ran
the distance in 10 seconds flat.

In the shot put Watson made an excellent
showing, but his fouling twice prevented him
from showing his true ability. This event was
won by Klaus, of Dwight, with a put of 47 feet
4% inches. ;

Considering that Taverner never ran In a
race before, he did remarkably well in the one-
mile run. This was won by Sheppard, of
Brown Prep. The time, which equalled the
record, was 4 minutes 42 3-5 seconds. ;

The last event of the day was the one-mile

relay race, atid in this event the School was
represented by Woodbridge (captain), Hage-
man, ’o4, Verdi and Fisher, who ran in the
above order. On the draw for position Rut-
gers Prep. was placed on the extreme outside
of the track—rather discouraging. For the
first half of his relay Woodbridge managed to
keep up the terriffic pace, but it was impossible
to hold it and he finished about thirty-five
yards behind the winner and ten yards ahead
of the runner from Harrisburg High School.
Hageman took up the task, and, though he ran
in grand style, could not gain. Verdi ran
finely, but was not able to gain, and when
Fisher took up the pace Rutgers Prep. was
way behind. We have seen a number of races,
but seldom have we seen such magnificent run-
ning as that done by Fisher. Had there been
ten yards more to go Fisher would have put
the team in fifth place. As it was, the team
finished sixth, about twenty-five yards ahead
of Harrisburg High School. The team’s time
in this race was not taken, but it is safe to
say that it was nearly 3 minutes 47 seconds,
or about four seconds faster than last year’s
time. The race was won by Bethlehem Pre-
paratory School. Lawrenceville was second,
Central High, of Philadelphia, was third, and
Lewis Institute was fourth. The time of the
winning team was 3 minutes 36 3-5 seconds.
‘The meet was won by Lewis Institute, of Chi-
cago, with 28% points. Mercersburg Acad-
emy was second, with 19% points. Philadel-
phia Central High School was third, with 14
points. In all there were thirty-one schools
represented. After the games the team saw
Princeton defeat Cornell at baseball.

THE TRENTON GAME.

The School baseball team journeyed to
Trenton on May seventh and there met defeat
at the hands of Trenton State Normal School
by the score of 14-6. The game was closer
than the score indicates, and, had not the fel-
lows played such a poor game in the field, the
score might have been different. Fisher
74 THE ARGO,

pitched very well. The line-up of the Rutgers
Preparatory School team was as follows: Case
(captain), c.; Fisher, p.; Matzke, 1b.; Han-
cock, 2b.; Kirkpatrick, ss; Thompson, 3b.; C.
Nicholas, lf.; C. Corbin, cf.; 5. H. Opdyke, rf.

 

BARNARD GAME.

On Saturday afternoon, May fourteenth, the
Rutgers Prep. baseball team met Barnard, and,
incidentally, defeat, by the score of 14-7.

The day was a good one for baseball, and
the School team played a fine game for the
first six innings, but then suddenly went to
sleep and allowed a team, which had been
playing only “fairly good ball,” to pile up nine
runs and win the game.

In the first two innings both: teams failed
to score, but in the third the home nine scored
two runs, while Barnard was again shut out.
In the next inning both sides scored one
run, while in the next Rutgers Prep. scored
once again, but the New York boys were not
able to cross the plate. In the sixth Rutgers
Prep. scored twice, while her opponents scored
three times. The team began its aerial ascent
in the seventh inning, and at the end of this
inning Barnard was leading by one run, which
lead they increased in the eighth, while Rut-
gers Prep. failed to score. But in the ninth
the local team went to pieces and allowed Bar-
nard to score six runs and win the game. The
best the Prep. School could do in this inning
was to score one run.

The line-up of the Rutgers Prep. School
nine was as follows: Case (captain), c.; Fish-
er, p.; Matzke, tb.; Lang, 2b.; Hancock, ss;
Thompson, 3b.; C. Nicholas, If,; Kirkpatrick,
cf.; Opdyke (C. Corbin), rf.

THE SECOND BASEBALL TEAM.

So far this season the second baseball team
has played two games, winning one and losing
the other. Both games were with the local
High School. In the first game on the Trap
grounds the Preps. lost by the very close score
of 23-22, If Price had pitched the entire

game the score would have been decidedly
different. In that game the line-up of the
second team was as follows: Allen, c.; C. Cor-
bin and Price, p.; Allgair, 1b.; Woodbridge,
a2b.; Scott, ss; Price and U. Corbin, 3b.; Vroo-
man, If.; Packard, cf.; W. Nicholas, rf.

RUTGERS PREP. (SECOND TEAM), 15; N. B,
H. S., 53.

In the second game with the High School
the Rutgers Prep. team defeated their oppo-
nents in a hard, uphill, eleven-inning contest,
by the score of 15-13. The game was interest-
ing throughout, and the last four innings were
very exciting, Price being very effective at
critical points. In the last inning the Prep.
School scored two runs by Allen’s smashing
two-base hit, with men on first and second. The
High School went out in order. The team was
composed of the same fellows as played in the
first game. Cyrus Smith made a very impar-
tial umpire and gave satisfaction to both sides.

 

At the dawn of twilight,

When my heart grows gay,
And the evening shadows

Swallow up the day,
Two arms invite me

To their fond embrace,
And hold me gently

’Gainst a wealth of lace.
And I love her dearly,

Still so rich and rare,
She is ever constant,

Is my old armed chair.

—Selected.

 

TAU PHI AND BETA PHI DANCE.

On Thursday evening, April twenty-second,
the Trap was the scene of an enjoyable dance
conducted by the Tau Phi and Beta Phi fra-
ternities. Dancing was commenced at half-
past eight o'clock and continued until eleven
o’clock, when cake and cream were served by
Schussler. After this dancing was resumed,

and not until one o’clock did the happy dancers
depart.
THE ARGO,

About fifty were present, among whom
were the Misses Lienau, Miss Davies, Miss
Wallack, Miss Cook, Miss Neilson, Miss E]-
mendorf, Miss Fisher, Miss Schenck, Miss
Stelle, Miss Vliet, Miss Buttler, Miss Mar-
den Miss Shankel, Miss Cary, Miss Biles, Miss
Scott, Miss Prentice, Miss Conway, Miss D.
Conway, Miss Hendrickson, Miss Wilbur
Miss Price, Miss Suydam, Miss Corbin, iex
Payson, Mrs. Lienau, Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Wil-
bur, Mrs. Kirk, Mrs. Cook, Dr. Payson, Mr.
Ferguson, Mr. Riedel, Mr. Miller, Mr. Scott,
‘99; Mr. Mittag, ’02; Mr. Hageman, Mr.
Fisher, Mr. Opdyke, Mr. Landers, Mr. F,
Corbin, Mr. Labaw, Mr. Warner, Mr. Kilmer,
Mr. Voorhees and the members of the fra-
ternities.

The patronesses were Mrs. Payson, Mrs.
Scott, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Kirk, Mrs. Lienau and
Mrs. Wilbur. The committee which managed
this successful affair consisted of Mr. Benja-
min Miller, 1904; Mr. Samuel R. Taverner,
1904, and Mr. Ripley Watson, 1904.

This is the gospel of labor—
Ring it, ye bells of the kirk!
The Lord of Love came down from above
To live with the men who work.
This is the rose he planted,
Here is the thorn-cursed soil ;
Heaven is blest with perfect rest;
But the blessing of earth is toil!
Dr. Henry VANDYKE.

 

RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.

Whereas, It has pleased God recently to
take from this world the life of the father of
our classmate, J. Vincent Harman-Ashley, and

Wuereas, We, the members of the Class of
1904, of Rutgers Preparatory School, feel a
strong sympathy for our classmate in this his
bereavement, therefore, be it

Resolved, That we hereby express our par-
ticipation in the sorrow which is his, and, be it

further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions

75

be sent to our friend, and that they be pub-
lished in The Argo.
S. ArtHur Devan,
Tueo. A. HaceMan,
SAMUEL Royce TAVERNER,
Epwarp R. ScHNEIDER,
Committee.

Whereas, It has pleased Almighty God to
remove by death our beloved brother, Henry
Pearne Miller, we, the members of the Beta
Phi Fraternity of Rutgers Preparatory School,
have adopted the following resolutions:

That we do hereby express our sincere ap-
preciation of the many noble qualities of our
departed brother, and our deep sympathy with
the members of his afflicted family ;

That the badges of the fraternity be draped
in mourning for fifteen days; furthermroe,

That a copy of these resolutions be sent to
our departed brother’s family and a copy be
sent for publication in The Argo.

R. Watson,
S. B. VrooMAn,
F. D. Enserson.

Wuereas, It has pleased Almighty God to
remove by death the father of our classmate,
Gilbert Phelps Hall, be it

Resolved, That we, the members of the Class
of Nineteen Hundred and Four of Rutgers
Preparatory School, do express our heartfelt
sympathy for our classmate in his affliction;
furthermore, be it

Resolved, That these resolutions be sent to
our classmate and that a copy be published in
The Argo.

S. H. Oppycx.
R. Watson,

WHAT HAS ALGEBRA
TO DO WITH VIRTUE?
The natural answer to the above question
is—nothing, algebra has nothing to do with
virtue. But that is entirely too short for an

essay. Mathematics and morals seem so dis-

 

 
76 THE ARGO.

tinctly separated that the study of the one
would appear to have no effect upon the other.
A man is certainly not made mathematical by
studying morals; it would seem strange were
he made moral by delving into mathematics.
Some of the most moral men have had no head
for figures, while many of the craftiest crim-
inals have had a mathematical turn of mind.
It would seem as though you were planting
onions and expecting Jacque roses when you
drill algebra into the head of a youth in the
hope of making him moral.

But let us look to the pages of history, as
the college orators say. Moses was, as far as
we know, a decidedly moral man; yet he knew
no algebra. (Here follows in the original man-
uscript a dessertation, learned after the manner
of scholars, proving what needs no proof, that
Moses in fact really knew no algebra.) Ergo,
algebra can never have anything to do with
virtue. But I realize that a statement ‘as
broad and general as the casing air” cannot be
upheld by a slender single incident. Well, let
us take Job. Job, from his proverbial patience,
proves to us that he also was grossly ignorant
of algebra. Yet Job was a moral man. So
were they all, these Biblical worthies, all moral
men with one or two exceptions, and all equally
dark on the subject of algebra.

Now, a large class of people hold that this
subject has a demoralizing influence on the
youth of the land, that when they are given
long equations about trains going in opposite
directions and passing various points at various
times, and representing these vanishing trains
when the answer does not come at their bid-
ding, it teaches them to swear softly under
their breath. Besides this, aulow me to point
out the fact that algebra arose among a notor-
iously immoral nation, the Arabians. If it is
true that you may know by an apple that it
grew on apple tree (unless grafted), it is
equally true that apples never grow on pear
trees (unless grafted). So it is rather a dan-
gerous proceding to put into the unsullied
minds of little boys and girls a branch of
knowledge growing from such a corrupted tree

as the Arabians. It would lead an unpreju-
diced man, especially if he knew nothing about
algebra, to declare such a subject unfit for his
children.

On the other hand, we must take into consid-
eration that the moral man must not be gov-
erned by evil passions, that any general that
marshals against these foes of the human heart
a strong sustaining power is entitled to be
called a moral agent. It might be held that
algebra by strengthening the mind gives a
counterbalancing weight to the passions and so
leads to good. his is readily answered, how-
ever, by the fact that the springs of action are
in the will, not the mind, and that the will is
untouched by algebra. Certain virtues may
perhaps be taught by mathematics—persisten-
cy, perseverance, calculation, but little faith, no
hope and less charity, for few give as readily
when they stop to consider as when they act
under the first promptings of the heart. Truth
is undoubtedly taught by algebra—it is such a
veracious subject that it has become a proverb
that “figures do not lie.” Students are taught
to emulate figures.

But do the morals of a people grow better
as they grow more cultured? It does not ap-
pear to be the case. All nations give evidence
of the same law—virtue among peasantry,
thrift among merchants, corruption among
polished nobles. Country people are generally
of stronger morals than their more cultured
city brethren. The German barbarians were a
people of sturdier virtues and homelier morals
than the present day Parisian. It may not be
due to culture, but to its accompaniments,
wealth, luxury and ease, but it is certainly true
where you find the most culture you do not
find the moral virtue. Shall we then cease to
train the clergy?

Culture is like an unskilful scluptor that
hews from stone a rough head, great chipped
masses of shaggy, unkempt strength; then he
polishes it down with here a touch too much
and there not quite enough; we see the well-
curled locks, smooth face and calm eye of the
gentleman, but cannot help feeling that certain
THE

original force is gone. Alas, the sculptor
knows not when to stop, for the next scene
shows us thin, delicate lips faintly smiling,
eyes tired, but still beguiling, a head finished
till all admirable character is gone, a marble
face where is clearly seen culture, lust and
cruelty.

It may be true that intellectual culture does
not promote morality, but what a discouraging
outlook that gives us!

M. Scuencx.

 

ON THE VALUE OF
SCIENTIFIC STUDY.

At last, after centuries of upward progress,
man has reached the height and climax of all
civilization—the knowledge of science. It is
indeed wonderful how man’s state of happi-
ness has improved since he has turned to the
study of scientific thoughts and theories. This
is apparent in a number of ways, some of
which we shall mention.

To begin with, since the introduction of ex-
tensive scientific study we have become ac-
quainted with a vast number of new diseases,
concerning which our fathers were in a state
of deluded and pitiful ignorance—they never
having seen or heard of them. These new
maladies (of course, we have the remedies for
them—scientists never do anything half-way,
being always so accurate and practical) are an
evidence of our modern culture, and have
doubtless contributed much to man’s present-
day happiness. Moreover, to these diseases,
as well as to many other things, science has
appended exceedingly long and sonorous ap-
pellations, by way of demonstrating the power
of mind over matter, we suppose.

Another thing we owe to scientific discov-
cries is this. To-day man has instruments of
warfare that for cruelty and devilishness put
to shame anything that our savage ancestors
ever saw. ‘Those harsh and semi-barbarous
men used to spend their energies and ingenuity
in devising instruments of torture for captured

ARGO, >

enemies; but with modern scientific methods
we can send hundreds of men into eternity in
a second. And these instruments of warfare
have been very useful in depopulating this
overcrowded earth, especially in certain parts
of it, as among the American Indians. How
much happier is the world because of these
things! What wonders hath science wrought!

But now let us leave off considering these
beneficial results of scientific research, which
have so often been dwelt upon, and turn our
attention to another which has never been
remarked.

The squabblings of learned and scientific
gentlemen afford to the rest of the world great
amusement. For example, behold! The learned
Dr. Smallatom, professor of chemistry in Hei-
delsic University, after spending all his life in
seeking to discover the composition of nothing,
finally comes to a startling conclusion—name-
ly, that nothing is composed of nothing! He
writes a book setting forth this audacious
theory. And now what a storm of opinions
and reviews and theories and contradictions
and upholdings bursts upon that poor scien-
tist’s head! Scientific excitement (which is
usually a negative quantity) foams up like
some of the professor’s own carbonated hydro-
gen oxide. The book is denounced and defend-
ed on all sides, and the doctrines thereof at-
tacked and maintained with great vigor. The
scientific world is divided against itself on this
momentous question. Each party writes books
on the subject and hurls them at the other’s
head. The bubble ot learned and scientific ex-
citement swells with air-blown agitation.

Suddenly the world is startled—that is to
say, the scientific world, which is practically
the whole world. A new element is discov-
ered that does away with all former theories
and laws and scientific “facts,” and with them
the poor professor’s theory. The bubble has
burst. And we have left—nothing.

Meanwhile, the public has been looking on,
and enjoying with an amused smile the
wranglings of the learned. L. RN.

 
 

 

78 THE ARGO.

PICKED UP HERE AND THERE.

Teacher (to boy caught writing in his book)
—Johnny, what were you and Willie doing?

Johnny—Oh, teacher, we were only playing
a little game of cribbage—Princeton Tiger.

Commencement Day will fall on June fif-
teenth this year.

Frank Corbin’s impersonation of the catcher

is very humorous.
WINTER.

Here is a schoolboy’s composition :

“Winter is the coldest season of the year, be-
cause it comes mostly in the winter. In some
countries winter comes in the summer, then it
isn’t so worse. I wish winter came in Chicago,
then we could go skating barefooted and make
snowballs without getting our fingers froze.
_When it snows in summer they call it rain.”—
Chicago News.

CAUSE AND EFFECT.
He smoked the deadly cigarette,
This youth of tender years;
For aught we know he’s smoking yet
Beyond the vale of tears.
—Ex.
GREATER THAN LOVE.

“Love,” remarked the beautiful girl, “is said
to be the greatest thing in the world.”

“But I am greater than love,” protested the
young man, “because I can make it.” —Chicago
Daily News.

JOHN WASN'T SHARP.

John Sharp Williams, Democratic leader of
the House, tells of attending a dinner in the
West some time ago. On the previous day he
had been caught in a violent thunderstorm
while out in the woods. In telling his fellow-
guests of this experience he said: “The scene
was frightful—awe-inspiring. I expected
every moment that the lightning would strike
the tree under which I had sought shelter.”
“Why in thunder didn’t you get under another
tree?” shouted a man at one of the tables, and
Mr. Williams, quick witted though he is, could
not find a ready reply.

COLD GRIEF.

They were discussing political broils after a
Congressional chat, and Senator Charles Fair-
banks said that a personal element in them re-
minded him of a church sociable he once
attended.

“As I sat comfortably enjoying the scene
the little boy opposite set up a shriek.

“What's the matter, child?’ I inquired.

“ ‘Boo hoo! Boo hoo!’ he yelled.

“Who's worrying you?’ I inquired.

“You!’ he whimpered.

“Me?

SY eS,”

“ Tow?’

“Yer sittin’ on my plate of ice cream.’ ”—
Philadelphia Public Ledger.

BROKEN ENGLISH.

Classified—Charlie—Papa, the Whites have
a new nurse.

Papa—What is she, son—French or Ger-
man?

“T don’t know, papa. I think she’s broken
English —Life

“G’WAN IN.”

Bored—The Honest Man (to theatre door-
tender)—I see that you have signs in the lobby
saying that tickets bought of speculators will
not be accepted. Now, I want to inform you
that I bought my ticket of a speculator.

Door Tender (with a sickly smile)—Say,
you reformers give me a pain in the solar
plexus! G’wan in.—Puck,

A LITTLE OUT OF THE WAY.

Courier—Duke Albrecht hath put his tw
uncles to the rack. .

Jester—Ah, another case of strained rela-
tions.—Princeton Tiger.

HOW LONG A WAIT?

He—Now may I have that kiss I’ve been
waiting for?

She—Nu; it’s Lent.

He—What! Show me the guy who had the
nerve to borrow it!—Baltimore American.

 
THE ARGO,

THIS IS NOT PERSONAL,

A Postponement—Editor (of magazine)—
What's the delay about my getting in?

St. Peter—You paid on publication, didn’t
you?

tty 6g.”

“Well, some of your contributors are inside,
and I’ve agreed to let you wait until all their
stories have appeared.” —Life,

THE MESSAGE,

Escaped Punishment. — A Philadelphia
schoolmistress was giving her pupils instruc-
tion in the elements of physiology, and among
other things told them that whenever they
moved an arm or leg it was in response to a
message from the brain. “The brain always
sends a message to your arm or leg whenevet
you wish to move the particular member,” she
explained.

At last a mischievous boy aroused her anger
by his apparent inattention to the lesson.

“Hold our your hand!” she exclaimed.

The boy did not move.

“Why don’t you hold out your hand?” said
the teacher.

“[’m waiting for the message from my
brain,” said the lad—Philadelphia Ledger.

A WISE GIRL.

They were discussing a member of Gotham’s
fashionable set. “She has a great deal of fore-
sight,” some one remarked. “Oh, yes, indeed.
Why, she acquired a residence in South Dakota
before she was even married.”—Chicago Rec-

ord-Herald.
A GOOD IDEA.

The public schools of Chicago will be organ-
ized into miniature national, State and munici-
pal governments, if plans under consideration
by Superintendent Edwin G. Cooley are cat-
ried out. Each elementary school will send one
representative to the national congress, and
each high school will send several senators—
one or two from each year’s class—to the high-
er branch of the mock national government.
All officers of the different branches of the gov-
ernment will be elected by the Australian bal-

79

lot system, and in every detail the machinery
of the national government will be copied. The
little government will be founded upon the
principles of co-education and equal suffrage.

THE WAY OF IT.
Woggles—How did you come out in the
automobile race?
Goggles—Over the back of the blamed
thing !—Yonkers Statesman,

VERY TRUE.

“But,” expostulated Jones, “if you'd only
pay me what you owe me I could pay Smith
what I owe him.”

“I know it,” said Robinson. “But Smith
wouldn’t pay me what he owes me. You and
I would merely impoverish ourselves to enrich
Smith.’—Town Topics.

THE LESSON IN SLANG.

The woman reporter was interviewing Sen-
ator Arthur P. Gorman about suffrage, ac-
cording to The Troy Times. The astute poli-
tician answered with a story. “Now, young
woman, what would happen to men if women
entered politics? Why, they are keener than
we are, even in their Sunday-schools, and we
wouldn’t stand any chance with them. In one
of the few Sunday-school classes I ever ad-
dressed I was nonplussed by a miss of six sum-
mers. I was telling the girls the story of the
seven foolish virgins, and I asked what we
might learn from the beautiful story, when a
little blossom in blue replied: “That’s easy
enough; learn to keep our eyes peeled for a
bridegroom !”—Selected.

A CONVERSATION.

“Tt’s so long since you sang,” said the genial
sun to the frozen brook, “I suppose when you
get started again you'll babble some old chest-
nut.”

“‘Jutht tell them that you thaw me.’ ”

lisped the brook, faintly,—Philadelphia Press.
KNOWLEDGE.
Deacon (severely)—Do you know where
bad boys go who go fishing on Sunday?
Tommy (eagerly)—Yessir. Up Jones’s
Creek.—Princeton Tiger.

 
Iv THE ARGO.

NATURE CONVERSE.
Said the river to the hill:
“Can’t you check my currents flow?
Though I’m in the running still,
I am feeling pretty low.”

Said the hill unto the river:

“Shut your gaping mouth, you clam.
I’m a very cheerful giver,

But I never give a dam.”

Said the river in reply:

“Don’t be keeping up the bluff;
Roll a bowlder from on high;:

A little bowlder is enough.”

“When I get a little bolder,”
Said the hill, “than now I am,
I may drop the bluff, you scolder,
But I'll never give a dam.”
—William D. Nugent, in Life.

“UNUS, DUOS, TRES, QUATTUOR.”

A Western clergyman, having performed
the marriage ceremony for a couple, undertook
to write out the usual certificate, but, being in
doubt as to the day of the month, he asked:
“This is the ninth, is it not?”

“Why, parson,” said the blushing bride,
“you do all my marrying, and you ought to
remember that this is only the fourth.”

THE REASON WHY.

Her Curiosity—Mrs. Chellus looks had,
doesn’t she?

“Yes, and no wonder. She’s been awake
every night for a week past.”

“The idea! What was the matter?”

“She discovered about a week ago that her
husband talks in his sleep, and, of course, she
had to listen.”—Philadelphia Ledger.

 

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these

firms.

PAGE
W. H. Cooper, Shoes........... seve eccccvcseel
Times: Publishing: Co: o:0:0:0:00.siee:ee:010:0::6:9:6 ee

   
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
    

 

Harding & Mansfield, Shoes.....
P. J. Young Dry Goods Co...
T. C. Hageman, Clothier...
Stewart’s Haberdashery ..
W. R. Reed, Stationery ...

O. O. Stillman, Jeweler..... ‘ well
I. S. Van Deveer, Photographer. aol
D. Cupoli & Co., Bootblack...... 6 adh
L. Volkert, Tailor .......... ake
Lyons & Parker, Clothiers .. Ul
Jacob Weber, Tailor ..... ie coll
Randolph Studio ...... wT
B. U. Tapken, Jeweler . ox
P. H. Suydam, Grocer ....,. .

F. Bruns, Confectioner ..

       
 
  
 
  

W. J. Seng, Shoes ...ccccesvoee oe
Graham & McCormick, Caterers. .
New York Confectionery ......

sutgers College ..........+.. Caw
Wiliams & Mettlar, Poultry News..
Bissett, Duss. swesccencex sie-pWiergalereiere
Cc. Tamm, Stationery .....
L. H. Leitheiser, Barber ..
Seiffert Bros., Stationery ..

  
 
 

Hughes, Laundry ...... aye
W. J. McDede, Livery ...... .V
Rutgers Preparatory School ....... Bisa wietee VL

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by arevision and enlargement of the curriculum. affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years.in Latin, Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy, Physics,
Chemistry and Biology.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

isthe New Jerecy State College for the benefit of Agricul-
ture and the Mechanic Arts.
There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree

in science,

1. A Course in Agriculture.

2, A Coursein Civil Engineering and Mechanics,

8. A Course in Chemistry.

4, A Course in Electricity.

5. A Course in Biology.

THE PLAN OF
COLLEGE EXTENSION.

has been enlarged. Additional courses of lecturesin various
branches of science and literature are offered and will be
given Chreagtinnt Soe ee te ee centres as may
arrange with the Secretary of the i
Brot outs Bevier, ar Ph i tension Department,
‘or catalogues and other information, add IRVIN!
8. UPSON, Rexistrar, oe
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

 

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.
THE ARGO. Vv

POULTRY NEWS
25 CENTS A YEAR

Illustrated, up-to-date, original. Has special
departments for pigeons and bees.

Published By

WILLIAMS & METLAR,

P. O. Box 18

New Brunswick, New Jersey

Delicious Milk Shakes

AND ICE CREAM
«AT,

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,
Agency for Huyler’s Candies,
General Chemist.

Cor. George and Washington Street

 

Food for Students.
Good for their Brains and Muscles.

At TAMWM’S,
Books, Stationery and Sporting Goods

62 DENNIS STREET

LOUIS LEITHEISER,
Barber and Hair Dresser

117 Albany St.,

New Brunswick, New Jersey:

 

GO TO....

SHEIFFEHRT BROS.

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
Sporting Goods.

50 Dennis STREET.

HUGHES’ LAUNDRY,
80 CHURCH ST.

Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students,

R. W. HUGHES, Proprietor.

 

RUTCERS STABLES, 23 to 29 EASTON AVE.

 

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

 

When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J.
FOUNDED 1766.

INSELRU GPtoRS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Px. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B,, Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS. SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS. ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, }iseractor

For particulars address

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

New Brounswicx, N. J.

 
