 

 

 

 

Wu

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

WET

 

 

 

5
fy
R
aS

 

 

 

 

 

WB Macnan ‘i

MARCH, 1911
Vol. XXII No. 6

 
 

.The College Store..

WE FIT THE HARD TO FIT
SUIT OR OVERCOAT
Made to Your Measure

$16.50 Up, Try our
Leader $22.50

Always Something New in Haberdashery

O'Neill’s Church Street

 

 

   
 
 

 
 

JERSEYs.
SWEATERS,

  

 

A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be found at

BRUNS

Fountain Open During Winter Season

 

CO; GENERAL
= | CLOTHIERS

_U. TAPKE

Jeweler

ALL KINDS OF SOCIETY EMBLEMS MADE
TO ORDER

111-113 CHURCH ST.

 

 

Civil, Mechanical, Electrical
TROY,N.Y.

Send for a Catalogue.

 

Compliments of

A Friend.

"Phone 310-J. 71 CHURCH ST. New Brunswick New Jersey
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
&, SCHOOL of \\ RANDOLPH
See%_ ENGINEERING FOTO-GRAFER

STUDIO, 319 GEORGE ST.
Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.
Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.
College Snaps.
We Make a Special Little Picture.
CALL AND SEE US.

*Phone 584-J.

 

Open Evenings Till 10.30

The Albany
Delicatessen,

Cold Meats Cheese Canned Goods
Sandwiches

IIT Albany Street, Cor. George Street

 

 

Those Smart Looking, Close
Fitting Collars are

“RED MAN BRAND”

And You can Get them of

Stewart & Clayton
109 CHURCH STREET

Established 81 Years

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

 

 

 
7

 

AN AMAZING ADVENTURE.

We were seated around our camp-fire, after
a day of fishing. All of us were pretty well
tired out and were just in that mood when to
sit with your pipe in your mouth and listen to
a good story is bliss.

By we I mean a party of my friends with
whom I was spending the summer vacation
in the woody lake region of Ontario.

One of our guides had been relating to us
some of his thrilling experiences in a lum-
ber camp and all were silent, each one doubt-
less trying to think of some appropriate ex-
perience to tell. Finally David Coleman, a
young mining engineer, who had seen lots of
the world and who had but Jately returned
from an engagement in Mexico for a large
mining company in New York, broke the
silence by the following story, which I will
try my best to give to you in his own words.
As Dave had a great nack for telling stories
and none of us had heard any of his most
recent adventures we all settled comfortably
to listen to what we knew would be a good
story. |

“Just one year ago to-night,” said Dave,
“if I am not mistaken, I landed on an island
on the west coast of Mexico. I had had a
long hot journey across Mexico, and a short
hot sea voyage in a small boat and I felt about

like a wilted collar. I found that the only
place in the village [ could get to bunk in was
a native hut which did not happen to be oc-
cupied at the time. I may say that the vil-
lage had a population of not more than three
hundred and that the only thing that it could
boast in the way of civilization was an apol-
ogy for a country store. It was so seldom
that a stranger came to their land that I was
quite an object of interest to the inhabitants.
T had been sent down by the company to in-
vestigate iron deposits that the island was
said to contain. The island itself was a wilder
affair than the inhabitants. For the most part
it was covered with a thick vegetation, while
there were thick dark forests on the moun-
tains which formed the backbone of the island.
Directly behind the clearing on which the vil-
lage stood there rose two great mountains of
volcanic origin, the tops of which seemed to
be hidden by the clouds. The whole affair
presented such a dreary and wild scene that I
wondered any one could hope to thrive there
for mere loneliness, but then I remembered
that the natives had never seen Broadway and
did not know a better existence. I made a
poor attempt at sleep the first night, for what
between the mosquitoes, the experience of
sleeping on the ground, the heat and the
08 THE

chorus of various insects and animals, I only
slept a few hours and those I certainly earned.
Early the next morning, for I was determined
to get through with my work and get out of
the place, having donned a suit of heavy khaki
and with high shoes on and my necessary im-
plements in my guide’s care, I set out. I had
made the best of a native breakfast which [
am sorry to say had pretty nearly made the
best of me. After a tiresome morning of beat-
ing through the brush in my path to the
mountain, I finally came about noon to a small
clearing strewn with piles of rock. Here I
decided to stop and take some nourishment.
After I had comfortably seated myself and
gotten busy at the grub, I noticed that my
guide was exceedingly restless. At first I paid
no heed to him but finally [ asked him the
cause. I extracted from him a bit at a time
the following information: It seems that a
short time after the Spanish invasion, an aged
priest who had come over with the soldiers
had sought a hermitage in the woods back
of the camp to spend the rest of his life in.
He had lived there for several years after
their departure until finally a party of English
explorers who happened to be in the region
found him in his solitude and, the hatred of
the churches being so great, they buried him
near his hut with a dagger stuck in his skull.
It is said that dying he breathed a curse on
the village for feeding the soldiers, while he
said that any one who should move or dig up
his bones would quickly come to a bitter end.
The threat had had its effect and his bones
had been allowed to rest in peace. The place
had remained as it was but no mark to prove
the truth of the tale remained. I was amazed
at the credulity with which the man told the
story but I knew how superstitious was his
race. Thinking that I could find my way
back alone and that I would leave my things
here I sent him back and he went with full
speed from the place. After a good rest and
a smoke I started digging near a likely look-
ing pile of rock to see if there was any metal
in the surface strata.

I had secured nearly -

ARGO
enough specimens and was about to stop
when, in a shovel full of dirt, I brought up

what looked to be a human rib. As I had no
faith in the natives’ story and as my curiosity
was thoroughly aroused I thought that 7
would investigate further and see if there was
a complete skeleton. Imagine my dism e
when I disclosed the whole thing and there,
as the man had said, was the skull with the
dagger sticking in it. I thought that it would
make a fine specimen for my study and so [
picked it up and placed it on the side of the
pile of dirt. I then turned to gather up my
specimens to go home. As I stooped to pick
up the skull lo and behold it had left the place
where I had put it. I at first thought that [
had made a mistake when I saw that the skull
was back on the rest of the bones precisely as
if it had not been moved. Not feazed [ picked
it up and put it back on the pile; I watched it
closely this time and there before my eyes it
rolled or rather glided slowly back to its for-
mer position precisely as if it had legs. This
thoroughly satistied me and_ picking up the
specimens I started quickly home in none too
steady a frame of mind I can assure you. Ar-
riving home I ate my supper and went to bed
without much delay as I was completely tired
out. All night long I was restless and both-
ered with dreams of skulls pierced with dag-
gers.

The next day I had set for testing the spec-
imens which I had collected the day before.
All during the day T had a feeling as if some-
thing strange was going to happen. By five
o'clock I had completed my testing and was
sitting in front of my hut smoking, when I
noticed a most peculiar cloud forming in the
west, it was I think the blackest and most
queerly shaped cloud I ever saw. Suddenly
it seemed to me as if the cloud took the shape
of a skull and I fancied too that there was a
dagger sticking in the top of it. I thought
that something must be the matter with me,
so I went into the house and took a stimulant,
but when T came out again the cloud seemed
to have turned blood red and just then the

 
THE

sun went down behind it. At the same time
I heard the mutterings of the far off thunder
and the sun faded to give place to what [
knew would be a bad storm.

At seven o'clock the storm broke and such
a storm, the wind howled round the hut, rat-
tled the windows and moaned down the chim-
ney. The lightning flashed intennittently and
the hollow thunder shook the island and rolled
across the heavens. The rain came down in
torrents and beat upon the roof with a steady
thythm. Now and then the wind coming
with a rush dashed it against the windows.
The uneasy feeling increased with the storm
and try as [ would I could not get myself in-
terested in the exciting novel which had been
the craze when I had left the big city. Finally
putting out the oil lamp, which I had gotten
with difficulty from the store keeper, I tried
to divert my thoughts by thinking of what
you fellows were probably doing up here in
the States. No matter what I tried to turn
my thoughts to they always came back to the
affairs of the day. I had been sitting this
way for I can’t tell how long, when there came
to my ears a cry, long shrill and like a person
in deep distress. The thunder had now grown
to a distant rumble but the lightning still play-
ed about the sky, a calmness had fallen such
as often happens directly after a storm, espec-
ially if the storm has been a noisy one. Only
the dismal beating of the rain and an occasion-
al mosquito buzzing near the ear was to be
heard. Again I heard the sound, this time
much nearer. I thought it must be some animal
which frightened by the storm had sought a
refuge in the village. An inclination or more
of a sense of forboding or more strongly yet
a warning seemed to come to me in a feeling
which I shall never forget. I got up and
got my revolver and placed it so that it
was within easy reach. I will believe un-
til my dying day that that action saved
my life. With the pistol near me I
felt. much easier and had just about suc-
ceeded in dozing off, when the most fearful
cry that I ever heard sounded in my ears.
The chills fairly bounded up and down my

ARGO 99

back and my hair stood on end. The cry was
almost a replica of the others save that it was
about fifty times as loud and thus fifty times
worse. It was a cry such as I imagine could
have been heard from the Christian martyrs
in the arena at Rome or from a victim on the
rack of the Inquisition. The sound seemed
to come from just outside the window which
stood to the right of the fireplace. I looked
up and as I looked, my hand gripped my revol-
ver more tightly for there glaring in at me
from the window was a face. At first sight it
seemed to be human but as I looked and it
stared back at me with an unwavering gaze,
it dissolved itself into the form of a skull and
from its staring eyes a sort of green fire shot
out. The whole face produced a grinning ef-
fect. Instinctively I looked for the dagger and
there it was, only it impressed me as being
fiery red. Suddenly a bright flash of lightning
revealed the whole form to me; it was robed in
a monk’s garment and seemed very tall and
quite broad. The picture of that figure is the
most vivid that I carry in my mind to-day. It
took me about a minute to take all this in,
when to my amazement and also to my fear
the window began slowly to open and there
blew into the room an odor of burning flesh.
There. was no time to think and it would have
done no good for | would have done the same
thing. It never occurred to me that bullets
have no effect upon a spirit. I emptied my
revolver at the spirit and as I fired my last
shot I fainted dead away.”

(To be continued. )

A RIDE IN THE NIGHT.

Probably all my readers know about the
“Underground Railway” in use during the
civil war, by which slaves were helped, by sym-
pathetic Southerners, to escape over the north-
ern boundaries, where they were free. By
this plan a slave would escape to the house
of a man who favored the Northern side and
who would help get him to another house,
usually by night to avoid detection, and thus
the slave would gradually be gotten over the

 
 

100 THE ARGO

boundary into the Northern states.

When the war broke out my mother and
brother and I were living on a large estate in
Virginia, which had formerly been a tobacco
plantation. But after the death of my father,
who had died when my brother and I were
quite young, the place had gradually gone
to waste. My mother was somewhat of an
invalid and did not feel capable of looking
after all the business of the plantation so by
degrees all the slaves were sold off and the
entire place, except a small garden around the
house, ran wild and was allowed to become
covered with a thick growth of underbrush.
At the time of my father’s death my brother
was twelve and I eleven and as there were no
other boys of our age anywhere near us we
were constantly together riding, shooting, or
tramping through the narrow paths we had
cut in our jungle.

The first break that had come between us
was at the beginning of the war when Jim,
then a young man of twenty, had entered the
Confederate army and [ had stated clearly my
favor for the Northerners, My brother show-
ed considerable ability as a soldier and at the
opening of my story he held the position
of captain over quite a large body of men.
I had decided to stay at home and not fight
for either side, but much against the will and
wishes of my mother I had agreed to help a
certain old darky escape from a_ plantation
farther south to the house of a man named
Wilson who was to pass him on in the manner
| have described as the “underground Rail-
way.” The negro was brought to our place
but unfortunately fell sick so that it was im-
possible to move him on the day planned and
we had to keep him and try to get him well.
A few days later however we received a note
from my brother saying that his company was
going to camp about ten miles north of our
place and he hoped to be able to get down to
see us the next day. It would be impossible
to have the old slave in the house while he was
there and that meant that I must move him

that very night, sick as he was, to Wilson's,
and by a road that led directly past my broth-

er's camp; for the only other road made a long
circuit and was far too long for me to at-
tempt to ride over in one night. I started out,
therefore, immediately after dark with the sick
negro on the horse, in front of me. The horse
could only travel slowly with his double burden
and it was almost twelve before | approached
the camp. Here I cut into the woods and had
to go with great care for fear of losing my
direction or disturbing the soldiers. I went
some distance through the narrow paths that
my brother and I used to walk over to-
gether so often, such a short time, although
it seemed years, ago. | thought of our past life
together until the war came to separate us,
and so deep did I fall into meditation that I
forgot to guide my horse, and the night being
dark he wandered from the path into the
bushes.

The negro before me was unconscious and I
did not notice the twigs brushing against me
until a broken off branch cracked under my
horse’s feet. Instantly [ heard a swift step
in the bushes and saw the shadowy form of
a man approach. The cry “Who's there?”
rang out, and the sentry’s voice was that of
my brother! I backed my horse into the path
and was about to spur him on when Jim leapt
from the bushes and seized the bridle. He
flashed a light into my face and spoke one
word, “Dick!” That word however was
enough; [ knew my brother; he would do his
duty, however hard, and soon the whole camp
would be around us. My mind worked quickly
and was soon made up; that was a hard bat-
tle between love for my brother and the prin-
ciple I stood for, but principle won, as [
knew Jim would rather have it, although his
and mine were unlike. Quickly—I must do
it quickly or my resolution might desert me—I
drew my revolver and shot my brother through
the arm. | left him where he fell in a faint:
in an instant the shot would have brought
many soldiers around and they would care
for him. I hastened on holding one hand
firmly over the darky’s mouth so that he
might not vell with fright, I heard soldiers
crashing through the bushes after me for a

 
 

THE

while, then all was quiet again and I knew
that they had given up the chase. A mile or
so further on I returned to the road and about
two o'clock in the morning I arrived at Wil-
son’s place where I left the slave, Although
invited to stay for the rest of the night I set
out for home after a few minutes’ rest. The
ride back was without incident and rid of
the negro | could travel much faster. As
I passed the camp I could see the gleam of a
camp-fire through the trees and I knew that
they were caring for my brother. I rode on
and reached home while it was still dark.
The next morning I rode to the gate to meet
Jim. As we greeted each other he smiled at
me in a strange way but did not say a word
about the night before. We were both. silent
on our way up the long drive to the house.
My mother, my brother, and myself were to-
gether the greater part of the day and Jim
acted as if nothing unusual had happened.
We spent a happy day together, talking of the
good times we had had and still would have
when the war was over, and it was not until
half-past-four that Jim and I started riding
slowly toward the gate. By his conversation
and actions during the day I knew that Jim
was beginning to favor the North in his heart,
but felt it to be his duty to stick by the side he
had started fighting for. We hardly spoke un-
til we had reached the gate, then Jim said
quietly and softly : “Remember, Dick, if you're
caught helping slaves escape you're shot,
and our camp's going to move in a couple of

days.” IT.

 

PREP. DIALOGUE.

“Come on, t'row us the rollin’s, Mit,” com-
manded Bugs in ‘his usual gruff manner. “Jim
an’ me has got to have a last inhale before we
pike down to school.” Mit says nothing as he
passes over his can of Prince Albert, but
grimly hopes there will be a little left.

“Oh, the freshmen know their business
pretty well now,” remarked Legs. “They
know better than to answer back. It takes us
Seniors to teach em.”

While Jim and Bugs puff away silently, poor

Bert enters the room. Immediately every one

ARGO 101
looks up with interest. A few books fly at his
solid dome, and after he gets settled his real
troubles begin.

“What time does the first train after nine
o'clock arrive at Chicago?” asks Handsome,
who still believes Bert is from the west.

“Yes! but no kiddin’, Skunk, do they really
have live Indians out west?” inquired Irish, as
if very interested. “This is no swindle, only
I heard they did, so I thought I’d ask you.”

These questions, and others similar, Skunk
tried to answer, but the answers must never be
seen in print. Neither these answers nor the
remarks made by Mit when the school bugle
is heard.

“One,” shouts Dave. “I say, One, you'll
find my books on the table. And get them
there in time too.” Some five or ten minutes
after the bugle the bunch really gets in motion.
The conversation of the first group could never
be followed, for one minute Dave is talking
basket-ball and the next thing Pete breaks in
with, “Oh, Kyde! if you'd only seen her the
other night.” At this interruption all other
subjects are dropped, for Pete is recognized as
a lady’s man.

Naturally the bugle had no effect on the
sleepy minds of those two yaps known as Fri-
day and Steve. They were still talking about
the “chips” they were out with the night be-
tore, when Romeo put iin his appearance and
started them to school, with this bit of philoso-
phy, “By fast perambulating you tend to keep
the animated organisms in accelerated motion,
thereby invigorating more energy into the

body.” Of course, after this they’ fairly run
to school.
About ten o'clock Spike wandered in.

“Morning, Cap; has second period ended
yet?” Just then Chick and Pickles met him
in the basement, and in this manner the “Coun-
try Boy” enlightened him on the subject:
“Naw! It ain't over yit, but you oughter seen
us throw the slippin’s over Lewis. Gee's we
jus’ slide out the room easy and comes here.”
Soon the bell rings, and these fellows have
the nerve to be seen in Mr. Fisher's English
—W. D. ’12.

class.

 

 
102

   

THE ARGO,

Published Monthly During the School Year,

BY THE
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

 

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter. /
SS :
PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

 

 

 

 

ARGO STAFF:

Editor-in-Chief
Artuur C. Buscu.
Managing Editor
R. W. SEARLE.
Alumni
R. B. SEARLE.
Business Manager
D. C. Succor.
Asst. Bus. Mgr.

Cc, C. Buscn.
Literary Editors
H. L. Janeway. W. Farvey.
Athietics
F. D. P. Has Browuck.
Schovl Notes
D. C. Wutre. W. Dunvor.
Exchang¢s
A. S. Ricitarpson.
Jokes
E. Hog, Jr.
Staff Artist
W. B. Mavatar.

 

Directory

Pres. Students’ Asso.—R. W. Searce.
Pres. Y. M. C. A.—H. Toop.
i C._ Succor.
Captain Basket-Ba' F. R. Parkin.
Captain Base-Ball.—R. Fountatn.
Captain Pro.Tem. rach] POUGHERT Ys

° } Co. A— . FouNTAIN.
Captain Cadets.— ¢ Co. B—R. W. Jounsox.
Manager Foot-Ball.—W. G. C. Konow.
Manager Basket-Ball_—R. W. Jounson.
Manager Base-Ball.—F. R. Parxin.
Manager Track.—F. D. P. Has Brovuck.
Manager Y. M. C. A.—Ricnarpson.
Cheer Leader.—R. W. Jounson.

  

 

 

 

 

 

Subscription price, per year, $1.00 (in advance).
All communications should be addressed to the Editor-i
‘ icatio r-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, and must be accompani
, ’ a
with the name of the author. nssied
All business communications to Business Manager
Correspondents will confer a great favor by wnriti
- y writing o
side of the paper only. = Sanne
Officers of the school, students,

. A é and alumni are m "
dially invited to contribute. ‘ost cor:

 

ARGO

Courtesy. Courtesy is a thing that can
be shown in many ways. Courtesy has never
done nor will ever do any one harm, A cour.
teous man compels universal respect and very
Courtesy is not
only right in conduct with strangers, but also

When another school

often universal admiration.

among ourselves. sends
a team to New Brunswick to meet us in any
athletic contest, it is always our aim to treat
them with the utmost friendliness. If the
game is rough and our opponents dirty, leave
it to the umpire and don't holler out and in-
sult the other fellows as has been done to our
own team, upon no provocation, when we play-
ed a certain school near New Brunswick.

Most of you fellows know how the team felt
about the game. They were not crawling at
the unmerited defeat, they resented the re-
marks of the audience. Prep. has a pretty
good name around the State for being cour-
teous to their opponents but we must not
let this reputation decrease. Then courtesy
can be shown among ourselves, true some fel-
lows haven't the slightest bit of courtesy in
them, but the majority of the students in Prep.
can show courtesy if they wish. When a fel-
low is reciting in class it is not necessary to
make a lot of noise so as to bother him nor
is it courteous to speak while he is standing.
Some fellows seem to think that they must
interrupt at every opportunity and keep add-
ing to what the speaker is saying. Another
way in which it is worth while to show cour-
tesy, is to treat the teacher with respect. Re-
member that a teacher is not in the school
to amuse you or for you to make fun of. A
teacher is just as much a man to be respected
as any other man who is earning his living by
honest means. If you get stuck don’t blame it
on the teacher, he wants to see you get through;
it's a credit to him. Treat the officers with
courtesy in drill, they are not there because
they have a grudge against everybody im
general. Above all treat strangers with Te
spect and courtesy. It means a lot for the
school’s reputation and nothing creates a bet-
ter impression. In closing we wish, in behalf
of the school, to thank the students and the

 

 

 
THE

management of Kingsley for their most cour-
teous treatment of our basket-ball team and
we hope that it will soon fall within our power
to show them a like courtesy, —I10%4.

BorRowING. There seems to be a tendency
for different fellows to continually borrow ar-
ticles from their fellow students. This not
only is a bother to the ones who always do the
giving, but generally lessens the borrower's
popularity among the boys.

Tobacco, fountain pens, and stamps are the
articles most often borrowed. If one must
smoke why not buy his own tobacco instead
of asking other fellows to supply him.

When a fellow is asked to lend tobacco he
often times does not wish to do so, perhaps on
account of his own small supply or his limited
amount of spending money. If he says “no,”
he seeems like a “cheap sport.” If he tells
the other fellow to buy some himself, the
other fellow gets insulted. So what can the
“fellow with the tobacco” do but give him
some, and thus not insult the borrower and not
seem like a “cheap sport.”

A student comes along and says, “Say, so
and so, lend me your fountain pen, will
you?” Perhaps you don’t wish to, as different
people writing with a pen spoils the pen for
the owner’s use. If you don’t led him it—
you either insult him (as the borrower thinks
you don’t wish to lend it to him, but you
Would to someone else), or you are a “cheap
sport.”

Stamps—the little pieces of glued red paper,
which cost only two cents a piece. But when
five or six fellows come along and ask you
for three or four stamps it doesn’t take long
for ithe two-cents “to amount up to 25 cents.”

Stop “borrowing,” for it makes one shift-
less, lowers ones general standing among the
rest of the boys, creates bad feelings, and is
not fair to all concerned.

 

Literary Socreties 1n R. P. Almost all
of our secondary schools in this country have
literary societies connected with school. There
are many schools within this State, Yes, in

ARGO 103

this very County, Schools much inferior to the
standard of R. P. have organized societies of
this kind, and they have proved to be suc-
cessful in every conceivable manner. Not
only bringing the school into the public eye,
but, doing a world of good to its members.

It is rather surprising, and would be disap-
pointing to some people if they were informed
that R. P. has no literary or debating socie-
ties. They would say in all probability, “That,
R. P. so prominent in athletics, takes no in-
terest in literary societies?” When it comes
to talk about athletics, without any doubt,
we are able to hold our own. But do we
shine when it comes to literary societies ?

One of these is just as important as another.
Some fellows may say we have not the mater-
ial in our school. It won't take a second to
convince him that we have. For instance take
the fellows who speak in Chapel from time
to time, on various topics. Are they not ex-
cellent and capable speakers ?

In one of our recent issues of “The Argo”
it was suggested that R. P. ought to give a
play. Would not the inspirations received
through the medium of literary societies sup-
port this suggestion? The schools that give
plays are schools, that, nine times out of ten,
have some form of a literary society estab-
lished within the Student Body.

Our school at present is divided into com-
panies. Why not let us organize our com-
panies into debating teams? If not this, let
us organize separate literary societies.

There are many schools in which more than
three different literary societies exist, and ac-
cording to the Headmasters they are all a
success. One society will hold debates with
another, one will give a play, the others will
strive to give a better show.

Some fellows will say, we haven't the time;
we have too much work. It may be the truth
that we have some very ambitious fellows,
who are carrying a rather heavy schedule, but
“all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.”
Literary societies will give the desired relief;
not only that, but will put you in that humor
so you will go at your regular studies with the

 

 
104 THE

right sort of spirit and not with the idea that
it is forced upon you.

The fellow who has a heavy schedule can
well afford to put one day a week on matters
of this kind. He will find it advantageous,
beneficial.

The faculty will not disapprove of organi-
zations of this character, without a doubt its
members would probably bend to every ef-
fort in assisting us in this,

Let us get together and consider this ques-
tion. It is true that it is late in the year, but
it is the “never too late to mend” spirit that
always wins out; let us start at once.

S..Mz He. "11.

3\SE-BALL. During Spring Vacation our
base-ball team is to take a Southern trip
through Virginia, Maryland and the District
of Columbia. Games are to be played with
Staunton, University of Virginia, Tome, Jef-
ferson, Randolph Macon and the National
Cathedral School. This trip will no doubt
benefit the team. We can hardly expect to
win all the games on account of lack of
pitchers. The games Ziegler pitches are as
good as won. We have better prospects this
year than we had last and last year we won
the State Championship. In the catching de-
partment, we have Todd, last year’s reliable
backstop, Scudder, his substitute, and Pete
Stinson, who caught for Mercersburg and
Stevens Prep. In the box we have Ziegler
who was beaten once last year and did not
deserve that. One of the catchers will proba-
bly work on first in place of Banfield, who
graduated. Second-base_ will probably be
guarded by Ed. Hoe, last year’s star. As yet
no one has appeared to play short which
Erickson took care of last year. At third we
have Captain Fountain. In the outfield Par-
kin and Searle are back. This looks good
but every position will have to be worked for.
Let’s win the championship again,

ALUMNI NOTES.
‘71. Robert Adrain died recently. Mr.
Adrain at one time was President of the New

 

ARGO

Jersey Senate. He leaves a wife and one son.
: 79, Congressman Bennet submitted res slur
tions to annex Canada.

‘80. Mr. Linn Bruce is head of an Investi-
gation Committee.

‘71. Movements are on foot to erect a mon-
ument to the late Garret Hobart, Vice Presi-
dent of the United State. The monument is to
be erected in Paterson, N. J.

’96. Clarence Case is the youngest judge in
the State of New Jersey.

‘97. Fred Burnet is a professor in Newark
Law School.

‘o7. Raymond Patterson, Tracy Voorhees
and Dumont Elmendorf were on the Rutgers
debating teams which recently won two debates
from Swarthmore.

‘o8. Vivian Ross was chairman of the Rut-
gers Junior Prom, Committee.

‘to. Sunny Willard visited school recently,

HOUSEHOLD ECONOMICS.

To make biscuits light—drench with gaso-
line and ignite before serving.

To keep servants—chloroform and lock in
the cellar.

To get rid of peddlers—buy all they have.

To remove fruit stains from linen—use the
scissors.

To keep rats out of the pantry—put all the
food in the cellar.

To entertain women visitors—let them read
all your private papers.

To entertain men visitors—feed the brutes.

To keep children at home—lock ’em in the
garret,

To keep hubby at home—lock up all his
clothes,

To prevent accidents in the kitchen—fill the
kerosene can with water.

To stop leaks in pipes—send in a hurry
for the nearest plumber.

To economize on coal—get a gas range.

To test freshness of eggs—drop on hard
surface.

To propitiate the janitor—you can't do it.

—Lippincott’s.

 

 
  

NEWARK H. S. 30, R. P. 8.

The N. H. S. and Prep. game was not all
one could wish, but one must take in consid-
eration the class which N. H. S. is in; the size
and weight of their team. Every one of their
men were heavier than the Prep, men, and
their center, Mills, had a ro-inch or more
reach on Searle. The game was played on an
extra large court, which was against the Prep
team. The team played with lots of pepper
and vim and were in the game all of the time.
Lots of the time Succop, Fountain and Parkin
had them guessing, and it was only to N. H. S.
being on their own floor that the score was
so much against us.

Lisman, referee.

Bell, of Rutgers, umpire.

N.H.S.: Chandler, r. g.; Rich, 1. g.; Mills,
c.: Riemer, r. f.; Maxwell, 1. f.

Prep.: Voorhees, Morrison, r. g.; Parkin,
1. g.; Searle, c.; Fountain, r. f.; Succop, I. ft

Field Goals: Chandler 2, Rich 3, Mills 2,
Riemer 2, Maxwell 9, Parkin 1, Succop 3.

Fouls: Riemer 2.

—o—
HOLY ROLLERS VS.
BOOZE HOISTERS.

The third game of a series of five between
the Holy Rollers and the Booze Hoisters was
played at the Seminary Gym. Friday, February

THE ARGO 105

 

10. Every game between these two rivals in
the Inter-Prep. League has been exceedingly
interesting, but this one was more so because
of the close comparison of the two teams. At
the end of the second half the score was a tie,
so the victory was to be decided by the next
basket. That final period took every earnest
effort from every man. Several of the players
were fatigued, but kept on with every ounce
of energy they could put forth. That last five
minutes of play, which was to decide the vic-
tors, was the hardest fought contest seen in
the Seminary Gym. this season. Captain Rob-
ins, of the winning team, encouraged his men
continually and played a remarkable game.
Zeitz, the new-found guard, played Captain
Ley of the Booze Hoisters so hard that he lost
his usual good control and played a poor game.
Zeitz will become a strong arm for the Holy
Rollers when he stops his bad habit of using
two arms when attacking an opponent. Many
fouls were called upon him because he was not
used to the Inter-Prep. rules.

Watts was undoubtedly the hero of the
game. His skill at dropping baskets was the
great feature of the game. A. Busch and
Braun kept up the spirit of the Booze Hoisters
by helping Ley roll up their score. Brainard
played a wonderful game at guard and suc-
ceeded in caging the ball once at a spare mo-

 

 
106 THE

ment. White worked steady and played from
beginning to end without showing fatigue,
shooting the final basket which determined the
victors.

The Holy Rollers have found a new for-
ward, Vogt, who will appear in the next game,
and perhaps add a score which, will swamp the
Booze Hoisters.

The game was very evenly refereed by Dave
Succop. Score, Holy Rollers 24, Booze Hoist-
ers 22. Time, twenty-minute halves, Line-up:

Holy Rollers: Watts, f.; Robins, f.; White,
c.; Zeitz, g.; Brainard, g.

Booze Hoisters: Ley, f.; Braun, f.; A.
Busch, ¢.; Malmar, g.; C. Busch, g.; Fick, g.

Goals: Watts 6, Robins 2, White 2, Brain-
ard 1, Ley 3, A. Busch 3, Braun 2,

Fouls: Watts 1, Robins 1, Ley 6.

—o—
IRVING SCHOOL 17, R. P. 37.

Prep. stuck another feather in her cap when
she passed one over on Irving to the gait of
37 to 17. It was one of the best games that
we have had the chance to see on our own
court; clean, fast and full of life and good feel-
ing throughout. Clowe and Comfort of Irv-
ing were good and played a sure and steady
game, Clowe making a number of field goals,
while Comfort played his usual snappy game.
The whole of the Prep. team were there all! of
the time and each man getting his share of the
baskets.

Prentiss, of Rutgers, referee.

Jones, Irving, umpire.

Irving: Smith, r. g.; Houghtling, 1. ¢.;
Clowe, c.; Kiirwin, r. f.; Comfort, 1. f.

Prep.: Parkin, r. g.; Morrison, Voorhees,
1. g.; Searle, c.; Succop, r. f.; Fountain, 1. f.

Field Goals: Clowe 3, Kirwin 2, Parkin 5,
Searle 4, Fountain 6, Succop 3.

Fouls: Comfort 5, Parkin 1.

—o—
N. PLAINFIELD. H. 'S..VSAR. P:

The wearers of the R. P. easily defeated the
North Plainfield High School basket-ball team
by the largest score they have made this sea-

ARGO

son. The game was played at the Seminary
Gym. February 15, before about fifty spec-
tators. Captain Parkin’s men played poor
team work, as each man shot for the basket on
the least chance instead of passing. Succop
is excepted from this, for he seldom shoots for
Prep.
One after another,
Parkin made his hasty trips down the court,
received the ball and caged it. When this play
failed Searle would wait under the basket for
the ball, then roll it in. Fountain made sev-
eral long shots and Parkin seemed in his prime
for all kinds of difficult angles.

Although Prep.’s score went up fast, there
was mighty little enthusiasm on the part of the
fellows looking on. No cheers were given and
no sound heard until the cry arose, “Make it
a hundred.” The true school spirit was shown
by Hoe and Stinson, who were seen in the
balcony escorting the fairer sex.

Score, North Plainfield 22, R. P. rto.

Line-up:

Prep.: Succop, f., Fountain, f.; Searle, c.;
Parkin (Capt.), g.; Voorhees, g.; R. T. B.
Todd, g.

North Plainfield: Steine (Capt.), f.: Tay-
lor, f.; Bailey, c.; Townley, g.; Abrams, g.;
Wyckof, g.

Baskets: Fountain 8, Succop 5, Searle 24,
Parkin 14, Todd 2, Voorhees 1, Steine 6, Tay-
lor 1, Bailey 2, Townley 1.

Fouls: Parkin 2, Steine 1, Bailey 1.

Referee, Mr. Prentiss.

Time, 20-minute halves.

—o—
MACKENZIE SCHOOL VS. R. P.

Seventeen to eleven against us in ithe first
half and twenty-six to twenty-five in our favor
at the end gives us a lesson in pluck and per-
severance that we may heed with profit. I
refer to the basket-ball game with the Macken-
zie School on February 18. The size and
weight of our opponents gave them the ad-
vantage at first, but lightning speed and mar-
velous energy throughout a fast and hard-

the basket, only when it is necessary.
played their signals well.
THE ARGO

fought game produced merited results, The
boys on both sides deserve praise. Some
roughness was inevitable, because the boys
were big and the room was small. There was
no intentional fouling. As we watched the
shots that put each team ahead in turn, and
heard the shouts of partisan spectators follow-
ing each step toward victory, the interest was
intense, and our two rooters, Johnson and
Ziegler, made noise enough for a multitude.
Each player did his best, and no one may feel
hurt when we say that Succop was the star
and displayed a style of basket-ball that would
honor a college court. We extend our thanks
to the Mackenzie School for their cordial wel-
come. Line-up:

Prep.: Fountain, r. f. and g.; Succop, |. f.;
Searle, c.; Todd, r. g.; Parkin, 1. g.; Stinson,

pf

Mackenzie: Jacka, r. f.; Miller (Capt.),
1. f.; Ford, c.; Clark, r. g.; Lee, |. g.; Whittle,
l. g.

Field Goals: Succop 5, Searle 3, Todd 1,
Stinson 2, Jacka 5, Miller 2, Ford 2, Clark 1,
Whittle 2.

Foul Goals: Fountain 1, Parkin 3, Jacka 1.

—o—

N. J. MILITARY ACAD. 5, R. P. 49.

N. J. M. A. came to New Brunswick with a
record of having won seven out of nine games.
One of these defeats was at the hands of the
Prep. five, and they repeated the dose to the
tune of 49 to 5. The Prep. team was tuned
up to the right pitch and had everything their
own way from the start. Captain Parkin had
his eye on the basket and was a sure shot.
Succop played his usual fast game, being all
over the floor and right where he was needed,
and he gave Bergain of N. J. M. A. more than
was coming to him. Thurber, the. Academy’s
forward, was a fast little man, but he had hard
work to get loose; he was the life of their
team.

Prentiss, of Rutgers, referee.

Case, of N. J. M. A., umpire.

N. J» M. As? Hibbard, r. g.; Bergain, |. g.;

107

varia, c.; Adamison, r. f.; Thurber (Capt-)
bide

Prep.: Voorhees, Stinson, r.. g-;
(Capt.), lL. g.; Searle, Todd, c.; Fountain, r. 1.3
Succop, |. f.

Field Goals: Stinson 3, Parkin 8, Searle 3,
Todd 3, Fountain 1, Succop 4.

Fouls: Thurber 5, Parkin 5, Succop 2.

Parkin

 

She (on the beach at Atlantic City): oe
wonder why that dog tried to bite me just
now?”

He: “The intelligent animal heard me call
you a little witch and he probably thought you
were a sand witch.” —E-.

“Habit is hard to overcome. If you take
off the first letter, it does not change ‘abit’
If you take off another you have a ‘bit’ left.
If you take off another the whole of ‘it’ re-
mains, If you take off another, it is not
wholly used up. All of this goes to show
that if you want to get rid of a habit, you
must throw it off altogether.” —E-.

Archie: “Gee! What pretty ankles that

dancer has.”
Stern Parent: “My son, you should learn

to look above such things.”—Columbia Jester.

In Council meeting: “I make a motion we

have a reception for this celebrated man that
is coming.”
“Yes; take him to the lunch-room.”

At the first meal on board the ocean liner
Smythe was beginning to feel like casting his
bread upon the waters. His friends had told
him that when he began to feel that way he
should stuff himself. He tackled a cutlet first,
but it didn’t taste right. He observed to the
waiter, “Waiter, this cutlet isn’t very good.”

The waiter looked at his whitening face,
then replied, “Yes, sir; but for the length of
time you'll ‘ave h’it, sir, h’t won't matter, sir.”
—Lippincott’s.

Wanted, in a delicatessen store, a young
man to bite holes in Swiss cheese.

 
 

A loose horse, running at full speed, was
thrown and captured) by V. Pardo, who
jumped in front of the frightened animal, and
both fell entangled in the street. The accident
occurred at the corner of Easton avenue and
Somerset street at 9.30 Friday evening, March
3. Neither Pardo nor the horse was hurt by
the fall and the animal was soon turned over
to the police.

Bert Hassell-has successfully completed his
course in time tables and is now studying
motorcycle catalogues.

Walter Farley returned to school February
26, after three weeks’ sickness from an abscess
in the ear. He stayed a few days but then
went back again, as his ear began troubling
him.

Ley took that long-wished-for trip to New-
burg.

Jack Dougherty is back with us again, after
his long absence on account of sickness.

Charles Ritter has been away from school
for a week on account of a bad nervous break-
down.

The school is sadly in need of another good
(?) artist like Watts.

It seems funny, Succop and Malmar were
both sick at the Trap the same day.

They tell us that Ley looks good in Has

ARGO
Lrouck’s suit. It is certain that Ley’s suit is
a perfect fit to Has Brouck.

Ed. Hoe returned to school February 14,

after his mysterious vacation.

Mr. Merrill was struck by a flying sugar-pill
while at his desk in study hall. No apparent
injury was involved by it.

That popular boy, Eddie Ley, enjoyed the
week-end with Chris Braun at Paterson.

Fountain and Avery proved their ability for
fussing at the Trap dance.

Sunny Willard ‘10 attended the dance and
visited his friends at the Trap over Sunday.

George Day is pledged to the Hungry Nine.

Can you imagine :—
Fat getting mad.
Walt. Scudder as a cowboy.
Silzer as a grind.
Olsen as an actor.
Mr. Risley being late.
Menzies as an optimist.
Farley as a poet.
Hoe catching chickens.
Mr, Lewis as a bridegroom.
Mittag in the pulpit.
Hassell as editor-in-chief.
Number “one” as Salome.
Reeves in a bathing-suit,
The new Trap.
Bro. Todd out “chipping.”
Malmar as an artist.
“Gonny” as an athlete.

The undisputed right that “General” holds
about the Prep. School was infringed upon by
a heavy white bull-dog and the fight which en-
sued might have ended seriously if they had
not been separated. As jit was, General had to
remain at.the surgeon's house several days.
We think the other dog died from wounds re-
ceived in the scuffle.
THE

L. B. Vogt received a serious injury while
walking under a telegraph pole along the
street. in Elizabeth, N. J. A falling bolt,
dropped by a man working on the pole, struck
him on the head, piercing two holes in his
skull. He was immediately taken to his home.
where he was cared for and is now improving
rapidly. The accident occurred at 2 p. m.
[February 16. “Here's to a speedy recovery,
Vogt.”

If a rose costs 8 cents, what is A.
Worth?

If Mr. Lewis can plow two acres in one
Day, how much can Ed. Hoe?

If “Cap” burns two tons of coal a week,
what does Miss Osburn?

If Mr. Fisher can run a motor boat, what
can Robert Stier?

If (?) Sammy knows his geometry, what
will Konow?

If Friday lost ten pounds, what does Jane-

Busch

way?

If Maud wants to go forward could Grom-
bacher?

If White has 10 cents, is Has Brouck?

If Searle went out, is Parkin?

Yr Cuarce or BarriinG Eppre.

As Related by Ye Scribe
A. D. 1911.

Half a block, half a block,
Half a block onward,

Into the thick of fight

Rushed battling Eddie.
“Forward the Fist Brigade,
Charge on the Huns,” he said.
Into the thick of fight,

Rushed battling Eddie.

Forward the fist brigade.
Was Eddie Hoe dismayed?
Not though he surely knew
Some one would slam him.
His not to make reply,

His not to sit and ery,

ARGO

14.

155
16.

109

His but to do and die.
Into the thick of fight
Rushed battling Eddie.

Hunyaks to right of him,
Hunyaks to left of him,
Hunyaks in front of him,

Fell down and blubbered.
Jabbed at with knives and shell,
Boldly he fought and well,
Went in and gave them—fits,
Did battling Eddie.

Flashed their stilettos bare,
Flashed as they turned in air,
Cutting at Eddie there,

Fighting the Hunyaks while

All the world wondered.
Plunged in just like a joke,
Twenty-odd faces broke,

Hunyak and Dago

Reeled from his mighty stroke,
Then they fled, after them Eddie.

When can his glory fade!
Oh! the hard cracks he made,
Those Guineas wondered.
Honor the wounds they made,
Honor the cracks he laid

On by the hundred.

“CALENDAR.
February.

. Booze Hoisters 24, Holy Rollers 10.

. Kingsley 25, Rutgers Prep. 45.

. Chicken and ice cream at the Trap. .
. Hungry Nine appears in court.

. Two new arrivals in Prep.

. Newark High 30, Prep. 8.

. Nothing doing to-day.

. Holy Rollers 24, Booze Hoisters 22.

. Irving School 17, Rutgers Prep. 37.

_ Bert makes four new acquaintances.

_ “Friday” mails some fifteen or more val-

entines.
Valentine decorations at the supper table.
North Plainfield 22, Rutgers Prep. (10.
Vogt receives a serious injury.
 

110

17. Three social gatherings at the Trap.

18. Mackenzie School 25, Rutgers Prep, 26.

19. Mr. Fisher gives an illustrated lecture on
Five Islands Camp.

20. “Cap” has clean hands to-day.

21. Shumacher and White take in a grand
opera.

22. Freehold Military Academy 5,
Prep. 49.

23. Phonograph works overtime on account of

arrival of fifty new records from Pittsburg.

24. A day off.

25. Another,

26. Still another,

27. Captain Fountain and bunch try a little
base-ball.

28. “General” nearly killed in street brawl.
Other contestant not so lucky; he died.

Rutgers

Vacation,

March.
1, First signs of rough-housing at the Trap.
(‘Bout time.)
. “Sunny” Willard visits the school.
3- Dance at Trap very successful.

ADJECTIVES.
Ridiculous—Sophomores.
Useless—Faculty.
Tantalizing—Drill.
Grassy—Freshmen. |
Economic—The Council.
Respectful—Seniors.
Stimulating—Lunch.

Progressive—Juniors.
Refreshing (?)—Chapel.
Excellent—Basket-ball team.
Polite—Everybody.

Miss Persons: “What is that small book
you have behind your Caesar?”
Soph: “That is one of Caesar’s cavalry.”

A. base-ball mass-meeting was held March
10, at which Coach Ziegler outlined the sea-
son’s work and gave points of good conduct
which all players must observe.

That moustache quartet, composed of Zieg-
ler, Has Brouck, Succop and Dougherty, are
the laughing stock of the Trap.

THE ARGO

OURK REGIMENT.

Have you seen the Prep. School regiment, in
uniform so trim,

Forming there across the street to march o'er
to the gym?

face! Quick-step! March! the cap-
tains cry,

And the soldiers take their stand,

Such a military band!
As if to say, “Like heroes we will do or

die.”

Righ

Have you seen the Prep School regiment, a-
marching down the street?
Have you heard the ceaseless rumble of their
ever-marching feet?
‘Though to foe they seem alarming,
All the lassies turn and stare,
With a most admiring air,
For their martial tread and bearing is quite
charming.

Have you seen the Prep. School regiment
“double-timing” back to school,
Splashing in the slushy weather through pud-

dle and through pool?
Stumbling, tumbling, in the door they push,
And for hot-dog or for bun
Up the stairs they crowd and run,
And the lunch-counter is emptied by their
rush, H.L, J, "14.

“Waiter, you're the biggest fool I ever
saw.”

“Yes, sir. Why, sir?”

“Didn’t I ask you to get me a water crack-
er?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And here you bring me an ice pick.”—Ev.

Willie (very sleepily saying his prayers) :
“Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the
Lord my soul to keep—”

“Tf” (prompted the mother).

Willie: “If he hollers let him go. Eenie,
meenie, miney, mo.”—Ex,
THE

 

Tue Arco acknowledges the following ex-
Academy Graduate,
Academy Student, Acropolis; Beacon, Breeze,
Budget, Bulletin, Erasmian, Forum, Heath-
cote, Ides, Irvonian, Ledger, Magpie, Mirror,
M. A. S. Monthly, Oracle (P. H. S.), Oracle

changes for February:

(Mt. V. H. S.), On Bounds, Penn Charter
Magazine, Poly. Prep., Polytechnic, Red and
Blue, Recorder, Rutherfordian, Searchlight,
Shucis, School Life, Signal, Spectator, Tar-
gum, Valkyrie, Wah-Hoo, X (cellentidea).

Through a misunderstanding with the pub-
lisher, we did not have enough copies to send
out to all our exchanges.

Vail Deane Budget: We admire your cover
very much. It is pleasingly original.

Erasmian: Your cuts are excellent, and the
arrangement of your departments is concise.
Also your stories are good and numerous.

Heathcote: You need more cuts. Also
your exchange column is weak. Did you not
receive THE ARGO?

The Ides is a most interesting paper, but the

editorial column needs a little more attention.

The Ledger is an exceptionally fine paper.
The plentiful number of photographs and cuts,
and also the excellent literary department,
make it one of our best exchanges.

The M. A. S. Monthly shows increase in
quality if not in quantity, in every issue. The
editorials are particularly well written. The
subjects are well chosen.

Oracle: You are the kind of exchange we
like to receive, and look forward to. You are
one of the most complete papers we receive.

ARGO 111

Searchlight: We are glad to sce improve-
ment shown in the several departments of your
paper.

Spectator: As usual, an excellent exchange.
You have a lively and interested board of edi-
tors.

AS OTHERS SEE. US.
This year’s cover of the Argo is neat and
well balanced.—Vail Deane Budget.

“I wish you all sorts of prosperity with a

little more taste.” “If more taste were
shown in the arrangement of the ma-
terial contained in the Argo, the paper

would undoubtedly meet with greater ap-
proval. The cut for the athletic department
is not up to the standard of the other cuts
throughout the magazine. The Argo deserves
credit for its excellent editorials and clever
jokes.”"—Poly. Prep.

The Argo contains some excellent editorials

on good subjects. A number of very clever
jokes are found in this paper.

A really fine editorial on “True Patriotism”
is the redeeming feature of the otherwise in-
complete Argo.— High School Recorder,
Brooklyn.

We certainly are glad to see a change in the
design of your cover. Your interest in ath-
letic news is evident and is well written.—
/rvonian,

You are the only paper that calls us uninter-
esting. We will make a special effort to please
you.—Searchlight.

We welcome this live publica-
It is a very good

The Argo.
tion from Rutgers Prep.
paper indeed, with especially interesting school
notes. Advertisements on the back cover de-
tract from its appearance considerably, how-

ever.
“The Return of Dearborn, Deceas-
You seem to have con-

Argo.
ed” is very clever.
fused your athletic notes and jokes—Valkyrie.

The Argo has a directory, a plan which we
would recommend to other papers.
 

NIFTY SHOES FOR YOUNG MEN
$3.00, $3.50, $4.00

Foot-ball - Basket-ball

- And Athletic Shoes

HARDING & MANSFIELD

9 PEACE STREET

New Brunswick. N. J.

 

D. D. WILLIAMSON
ARCHITECT
National Bank of New Jersey Building

New Brunswick

HARVEY IREDELL, D.D.S.
National Bank of New Jersey Building
George St., cor. Church

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Compliments of

The Great
Atlantic
And Pacific
Tea Co.

 

‘
a Globe Furniture Co,
’
Can't 95.203 NEILSON ST-
Near Church St.
Improve / /
With the passing of years the Morris
Chair gains in popular favor. And
On why not, since its luxurious com-
fort is ideal? Adapted to so many
Thi different heights and weights, it is
e beyond compare for all around use-
fulness. Weare agents for the Royal
Mortis Push Button Morris Chair, Many dif-
ferent styles to choose from.
Chair New Brunswick N. J.

 

366 George Street

Phone 52 & 5!

NEW BRUNSWICK New Jersey

 

Compliments

Of
A Fnend

O. O. STILLMAN

Jeweler and Optician

And Dealer in Diamonds, Watches, Clocks, &c.
Keys and Society Badges Made to Order

ee
EYES PROPERLY FITTED
peel ofe

RUTGERS COLLEGE SEAL AND PIN

33 Albany St.

 

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

H. Il NEW,

DEALER IN

Everything Good to Eat,
Drink and Smoke,
112 SOMERSET STREET.

 

M. J. GRAHAM
CATERER

 

Large and Small Dining Room. Large Banquet Hall

DANCE HALL FOR PRIVATE DANCES

ee

74-76 Church Street.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns,

 

please mention THE Arco.

 
 

—_—

Hinghers Big Furniture Sale

nt of a New Home
th id

A wedding sugge als the
s Furniture for tha
th

—a new home sug

    

elec e pies t , We ete furnt sh.

ment. We have the goals ¢ nt ne Hoo r ms how. The

yest, cleanest, Ire ck in « ity Sanitary

larfiress, Worth $1¢ $12.00 Mattressce Romney
by Elec ic Machine

Upholstering, Repairing af Every Deseription

HINGHER’S FURNITURE HOUSE

One Block from trolley, George and Schureman

16 Neilson Street
Genuine Antique Furniture

Telephone 639 NEW BRUNSWICK

Mann Bros.

Cut Price Cash Grocer
152 EASTON AVENUE

Telephone 75?-W

New Brunswick New Jersey

SNYDER’S

New Brunswick’s
Leading Market...

 

 

 

97 ALBANY STREET

MANSION HOUSE

1o1 Albany Street

All the delicacies of an a la Carte
Hotel Restaurant

Private Dining Rooms
Banquet Hall for Dinners

CHARLES HAYES

 

LEWIS BOARD

 

 

BUILDER

 

 

Phone 471-W New Brunswick, N. J.

C. W. RUSSELL

French & Schuyler
Streets

Can justly claim that he can furnish
as Good and Clean Coal as can be
found anywhere. A trial order will
convince you of this fact -

 

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

i i nti
When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please ment

 

Full Line of Foreign and Domestic
Wall Papers

Painting «« Paperhanging
ROBERT S. TURTON

PHONE 187-W

185 Neilson St. New Brunswick, N. J.

Superior Quality
.PRINTIN G..

In Black and Colors

Morrison @ Blue
Printing Co.

 

7-11-13 Bethany Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J
Phone 750 @@BBQRB Andwe will call on you

ion THE ARGO.

 

 
 

S. ZIMMERMAN,

 

Barber.

 

Also Birds and Fishes.

381 GEORGE STREET.

LEWIS H. HOAGLAND,

Van Deursen Pharmacy,
Cor. George and Paterson Sts.
NEW BRUNSWICK
Also

Highland Park Pharmacy,

Raritan and Cedar Avenues,
HIGHLAND PARK, N. J. Phone 748.

Phone ‘49

WALTER N. ABRAMS

Sanitary Plumbing,
Steam and Hot Water Heating
Gas Fitting and Tinning.
138 GHURGH STREET.

Phone 593-d.

SCOTT’S BREAD

Railroad Avenue

Phone 140-W.

 

 

GeorgeJ. Kuhn, Jr.
356 GEORGE ST.
Smokers’ Articles

 

Mayo & Volkert
Furniture Company

(Incorporated)

Repairing and Upholstering

1 Paterson Block

New Brunswick
Phone 409-W.

REGAL SHOES FOR YOUNG MEN
AT
ARCH ER’S,

Wo.

PEACE

STREET.

PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

Agent Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Gompany
Also Agent and Dealer in Farm Lands,

NATIONAL BANK OF NEW JERSEY BU{LDING,

NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our

columns, please mention THE Arco.

 
 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS

 

145th

Year

 

A high grade college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rutg

nnusual advantages.

ers College, and therefore enjoying

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school home under the im-

mediate supervision of the headmaster.
Interesting social and athletic life.

Excellent Table.
Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball.

Boy Scouts of America.

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL

In the Elementary School both girls and boys are received. Boys of all ages received in either

school at any time, either as day pupils or boarders.

EXPENSES .—At the House.—'The regular terms of the house are $450 a year, a few rooms being rated at

$400. Bays have individual beds

Rooms are heated by steam, Di -upils. — y ils i
per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Devariouel each date het te a een
and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00.

Intermediate Department.—Fourth
Academic Department.—First Form, $16.00;

Second Form, $18.00; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, $24.00.

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York

Parents naturally

want to patronize an easily accessible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emergency the son is in quick

touch with the home,

Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

 

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

Rutgers

College

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY.

 

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT IS
BROAD AND THOROUGH

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

German,
Philosophy,

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives
the degree of A.B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in
which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture

and the Mechanic Arts.
In this Department there are eight full courres, each
leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc.

Course in Agriculture.

Course in Civil Engineering.

Course in Chemistry.

Course in Electricity.

Course in Biology.

Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
Course in Mechanical Engineering.
Course in General Science.

And a short course of two years in Ceramics which does
not lead to a degree.
For catalogues and other information, address IRVING S.

UPSON, Registrar.
W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D., LL.D., President.

MAURO N
PP >>>>r>>

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns,

please mention THE Arco.

 

 
 

J. HEIDINGSFELD

PRINTER
BINDER
PUBLISHER

No. 42 ALBANY STREET

John Phil Christ

BAKERY
THE PREP. LUNCH

 

Pies

Cakes

Cookies

Bread

Cream Puffs
And All Kinds
Of Dainties

EXTRA ORDERS QUICK AND GOOD

Cor.
Easton Ave. and Somerset St.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

John M. Arniel Geo. G. MacPherson

JET WHITE
Steam and Hand Laundry

80 Church jStreet

Telephone 47

HENRY J. TICE

Florist and Decorator

Cut Flowers Constantly on
Hand. Choice Palms, Ferns
and Bedding Plants
Gardening done by Day
Month or Season
Wedding and Funeral
Decorations . . 1. 2 6.

356 GEORGE STREET

Phone 605

New Brunswick, N. J.

New Brunswick, N, J,

 

I.S. Van Derveer
Photographer

High Grade Portraiture
Commercial and Landscape
Photography. A Specialty in
Large Groups . 2 @

Studio

355 GEORGE STREET
New Brunswick New Jersey

H. Milleman Ray Davis

Royal Furniture Co.

Dealers in

Furniture, Rugs, Matting
and Linoleum

 

66-68 Albany Street

New Brunswick

 

New Jersey

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THe Arco
 

JOHN P. WALL Landsberg Store

  

High Grade Tailoring Serum i
“wey Ns “The Leading
Dry Goods
Church St. Department
New Brunswick STO RE ”
aj But Also Everything in
the way of Furnishings

for Men’and Young Men
Sy Leading Styles at Lowest
ae —pectal Prices
~ Discount GEORGE & ALBANY STS.

to Students New Brunswick, New Jersey

 

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,

68 and 70 Albany Street.

 

 

 

NEW OPERA HOUSE

 

 

NEW JERSEY’S HANDSOMEST PLAYHOUSE
PRESENTING

 

 

EAGH BILL

Vaudeville On The Biggest Scale Ever eS aparsine
6--STELLAR FEATURES--6 ae eras DE LUXE

3 PERFORMANCES DAILY AT 3, 7 AND 9
Entire Change of Program Mondays and Thursdays
PRICES ovens =: 38 | PRICES aittow™ 2. : ‘age

EVENINGS GALLERY . - + = - 10c MATINEES CHILDREN... . .

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.

BIJOU CIRCUIT CO. MANAGERS ~

 

 

 
 

IT HAPPENED IN JERSEY

“Pal” came little Willie’s voice from the darkness
of the nursery

Pa gave a bad imitation of asnore. He was tired
and did not wish to be disturbed

‘Pa!” came the little voice again, ““Tum in here; I
want to ask you sampin.”

So Pa arose from his downy and putting on his
bath-robe and slippers, marched into the nursery

“Say, pa, if you waa to feed the cow on soap would

she give shaving cream ?”

JOHNSON’S SHAVING CREAM SOAP

The purest, most satisfactory
soap obtainable. Makesa quick,
non-drying, non-irritating lather
@) Which affords a smooth, com-
i fortable shave. .

i Tubes at 25¢ from druggists

JOHNSON & JOHNSON
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

THE

“Greater YOUN StOre™
WAISTCOAT SALE

Our line being broken after the holi-
days, we are offering all our Waist-
eoats that were $4.50, $4.00, 33.50

and $2.00 at

HALF PRICE

You're in right if you hurry right in
for one right now.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co.

 

Corner
George and Paterson Sts.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

 

Bissett’s Drug Store

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU
WHEN IN NEED
OF DRUGS, MEDI-
CINES, TOOTH
BRUSHES, TOOTH
POWDER, SOAP,
COMBS, BRUSHES,
SODA AND MILK
SHAKES

420 George Street

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

Rutgers Preparatory School
Book Store

W. R. REED

School, Office and General
Stationery Supplies of Every

Description .

380 George St.

New Brunswick New Jersey

 

 

 
