VOL. XVI.—No. 5
FEBRUARY, 1905

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
THE ARGO.

pale. WILLIAMS:

DEAL- ESTAT

43 PATERSON ST.. NEW BRUNSWICK

TIMES PUBLISMING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

3, FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Descripiion.

“THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

George and Paterson streets. Peace street and Commerce square,

 

 

 

ty

 

 

 

 

(GF Tabard Inn Library station at our George street store.

Bal te Gk EN,

JEWELER.
iy seeped cr ata ahi Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS COMPANY,
xew stocgor DRESS GOODS & SILKS | Carpets, Mattings and Rugs

 

 

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. i Linoleums and Oil Cloths.
SUITS AND JACKETS, vADUHILDRENS. — Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 2/SHURCH STREET

 

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.
THE ARGO.

8

HAGAIIAN & CRATER,
High Class Clothing and Furnishings

Stein-Bloch Clothing.

Knox Hats.

Dent and Fownes Gloves.

Kaiser-Barethea Neckwear.
96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

STEWABT’S HAT STORE,

(Established 75 Years)

Caps, Drill Gloves

CHURCH STREGET,

and Furnishings.
NO. 29.

 

sede hehege hey

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR.“SWELL,
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid.

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 Prace St. New BRUNSWICK.

 

0. O STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins
Made to Order, Curd Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.

LYONS & PARKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc.

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

IS VAN DERVEER
Photographer

Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
355 George St., New Brunswick.
L. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the

firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
iil "+ ‘THE ARGO. ;
RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIEg OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION,
380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK N.J

 

NOW BOYS GO TO oe

Opposite 1 Y.M Y.MC.A. A. LOW EN STEIN’ S, 89 89 Church h street_

For your wares in Hats and Furnishings. Always new things to b to ioieae had,

WILLIAM GAUB [arms comers une ao

Dealer in All Kinds Of

 

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Meats and Sausages
COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST. | ™ S IS O E S

New Brunswick, N. J.

Jacob Weber, Ave
MERCHANT - TAILOR, WILLIAM J. SENG’s

417 George St.

 

—_— AT LOWFST PRICES.

 

Rutgers Prep. School

Graham & McCormick,

Caterers and Confectioners
FANCY CAKE BAKERS.
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

Shoe Stores.

——

 

Repairing Neatly Done.

ERNEST DEVER Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
ae ae

 

 

 

VoL. XVI.

New Brunswick, N. J., FeBruary, 1905.

No. 5

 

 

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

=< «

BOARD OF EDITORS:

FRANCIS MARMADUKE POTTER.
Editor-in-Chief.

 

 

 

CHARLES E. CORBIN, Alumniana,

JOHN B. BLACK,

TRACY 8. VOORHEFS,

WILLIAM G@ PACKARD,
S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
J. ED, ELMENDORF, Annex Notes.

EDWIN H. HALSTED, ‘
§AMULL B. VROOMAN, {Business Managers.

t News.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

Ail communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P.sS., New Brunswick, \. J., and must be
accuiupanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of ‘he paper only.

Officers of tue school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute,

 

 

We see on the front wa!l of our assembly
room a bulletin board which is headed by the
words, “The Best Soldier.” On this board are
printed the names of those, who, for the past
seven years, have proved themselves, by their
alertness, obedience, and ability to command
others, the best soldiers.

Military training is of great value, for it not
only gives one a knowledge of military affairs
which may, perchance, prove advantageous at
some future time, but also teaches promptness
of obecience, concentration of mind, and both
bodily and mental activity.

In the college, also, there is a body of cadets,

in the uniform of the regular army, who are
formed into three companies and drilled by a
graduate of West Point. Now we can pick out
those who have already acquired some knowl-
edgé of military tactics, for those who have al-
ready proved their ability, quickly work their
way up to positions of command. At the end
of the four years’ college course, the names
of the three cadets who are considered the best
drilled, and in every way most capable, are in-
serted in the United States Army register.

West Point is the great training school for
United States soldiers, and the young men
graduate after four years of hard work, offi-
cers in the regular army of the United States,
thoroughly trained in all branches of army
life.

The fact of there being so many cadet com-
panies throughout the country, orily goes to
show the military spirit which is becoming
more and more marked. Tlie cry is for more
trained soldiers, more ships and machines of
war. The government is beginning to respond
to this popular demand, and yearly our army is
being better trained and our navy increased.
Several modern war ships of the most ap-
proved type have lately been built and are
building; one of these, the superb Connecti-
cut, was recently launched. Our nation is con-
stantly growing in power, and we must have
miore resources, offensive and defensive, to
maintain our position amongst the nations.

Ly these warlike preparations, a feeling has
been stirred up amongst certain people who
are apparently bitterly opposed to the nation’s
thus increasing her resources. They protest
that this savors too much of a monarchy, call
it imperialism, pretend to believe that a large
standing army will endanger the liberties of

 
THE ARGO.

42
the people, and although the nation is all the
time growing more and more powerful along
all lines, insist that her defences be kept the
same, or even cut down, thus hampering her
growth. They contend that we are violating
the principles of our forefathers, but do not
look far enough ahead to see, that, on the
contrary, this strength is needed to uphold
some of these very principles.

A short time ago, President Roosevelt ad-
dressed the graduating class of Annapolis.
He alluded to the protests of some people
against militarism, and declared that it was
utter foolishness, that the danger “always has
been, is, and always will be the exact reverse.”
We need men and material to make our claim
to being a great nation, respectable. His
policy is: “Desire peace, but prepare for war.”

We give a short extract from his speech
where he sets forth the necessity of a powerful
military: “If this country believes in the
Monroe Doctrine; if this country intends to
hold the Philippines; if it intends, besides
building, to police the Isthmian canal ; if it in-
tends to do its duty on the side of civilization,
on the side of law and order--and that duty can
be done only by the just man armed—if this
country intends to be that, then it must see
to it that it is able to make good if the neces-
sity arises to make good.”

 

In this issue of the paper there will be found
a copy of the constitution of the Athletic As-
sociation, as it stands after being revised by
a committee appointed for that purpose.

 

To the Editor-in-Chief of the Argo:

When, in the course of human events, it be-
comes necessary for a student of the English
language to lose his patience and give vent to
his wrath and vexation in hard words, a just
and decent respect to the opinions of mankind
requires that he should state the causes which
impel him to ire.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that
all men are endowed with certain unavoidable

misfortunes; that such vexations of life ¢9
in heaped-up abundance to such as haye re
calamitous trouble of studying the dire rai
gularities and criminalities of the cele
tongue; and that these woes and disasters of
existence fall in endless and inexhaustible suc.
cession upon the heads of those most miser-
able and wretched wights who have taken up
the study of Burke, after the tumultuous pur-
gatory of the lower forms, through which it
is necessary for those wretches to pass who
would attain to the blissful realms of higher
learning in the fourth form.

Mr. Editor, the speech on Conciliation with
America, is, as Burke himself announced,
when he started to deliver it, “Surely an awful
subject, or there is none so on this side of the -
grave.” After such a recommendation one
would think that any reasonable man would
have refrained from having anything to do
with such a noisome and pestilential corpse.
He admits it to be true that the subject is not
yet in the grave—where it ought indeed to be,
seeing that the causes of his effusion are all
dead and gone—he says it is still on “this side”
of it. From which we are to infer that he found
his ideas in the morgue.

With characteristic inconsistency, Mr.
Burke, four lines below the statement above
quoted, calls the subject “most delicate.”
Nothing could be more untrue than that last
statement ; nothing so heavy, so deep, so dull,
could, even by the most mendacious of liars in
existence—except Mr. Burke—be called de-
licate.

The fact is that Mr. Burke was so utterly
unable to concentrate his thoughts from whirl-
ing into such “vast fluctuations of passions
and opinions,” that he had no very clear idea
of what he wanted to say, and hence his state-
ments must be clarified by learned expositors
and luckless students ; of which last catalogue,
I, your correspondent, am the most unfortun-
ate, and bawl forth this bitter lamentation, not
for the adornment of your paper, or for the
edification of those blissfully ignorant ones
THE ARGO.

who have never studied Burke, but for the
relief of my feelings. °05.

 

In the New York Press of January 16, 1905,
there appeared an article on the Harvard track
team. It stated that there were over 150 men
trying for the team, and that the new material
was very promising. Near the top of the col-
umn was the following: “Three men have
appeared for the half-mile event, all of whom
have so far shown unusual ability. These are
Verdi, a Freshman,” and the others whom the
account mentions—one an Exeter runner, and
the other a Harvard Junior. Verdi is remem-
bered by most of us as having graduated from
our school with the class of 1903. He return-
ed to school last year and took a post-gradu-
ate course, which he finished last June. He
lived in New York city, but boarded at the
Trap for six years. He took a prominent part
in athletics here, being a member of the 1903
and 1904 track teams, and 1902 and 1903 foot-
ball teams.

 

Alumniswd,

’96. B. C. Edgar is working for the Pub-
lic Service Corporation in New York.

’94. Havelock Walser has a position as
paying teller in a Trust Company in Newark.

‘or. Nafey has returned to New Bruns-
wick and has a position in one of the manufac-
turing establishments.

’o4. Miller and Lang were visitors at the
Trap last week, and the fact of their visit was
very evident even to those who were not pres-
ent at the time.

’o2. J. Harvey Murphy is manager of the
Rutgers College Glee Club this year.

‘or. C. L. Wilber is captain of the Rutgers
Gymnasium Team this year. Devan and
Green, ‘oz, are also on the team.

’96. Frank Eckerson is now a missionary
in China.

43

HIS FIRST BEAR.

“Oren,” said I to my old fishing companion
as we lay in the shade, on the shore of the lake
waiting for the heat of the day to pass, “do
you remember the hunting trips you used to
take when a boy?” “Why, Pard, of course I
do.” he answered. “Do you think I could ever
forget them happy days of my life?” When a
man has come to my days and his life is full
of trouble, he can’t help looking back and
thinking about them happy times and wishing
they was now. When I hunted in them days
this country was all woods where now is noth-
in’ but medders and fields with nothin’ but
mice to hunt. I shall never forgit the day I
shot my first bear. I tell you I was a happy
youngster after it was all over. I must a bin
about eleven, when Pa give me my first gun.
*Twant a very good one, but of course I
thought it a dandy. I have shot many a gun
since, but never one that let you know like
that gun did that it enjoyed the fun too. Why
Pard, I used to think the durn thing some-
times didn’t exactly know whether the animal
was in front or behind it. But I studied that
gun, Pard, and ’twant long before I was shoot-
in’ fairly straight and many a partridge and
duck I brought down.

There want many deer around here then
neither. They had mostly bin killed off. So
we used to go down into the next county every
year for a deer hunt. I was most fourteen I
guess before Pa let me go the first time alone.
We had an uncle and aunt living down there
and I set out afoot with my gun over my
shoulder to walk there. It was nigh onto a
hundred miles. When I got there I found
Uncle had some city fellers up to hunt with
him. But he had the rheumatiz pretty bad and
didn’t relish much the idea of tramping around
the country with them guys. So he was migh-
ty glad to see me, and them city guys seemed
pleased enough to see me too, at any rate they
grinned and nudged each other enough when
they see my gun. But I didn’t care. I knew
that old gun, and knew what it could do,
which was more than they knew about their

 
THE ARGO.

44

fine things, I would a bin willing to bet. Well,
Pard, we all hunted for a few days, and I let
many a fine chance go, so as to let one of them
city guys have a shot, but they mostly let the

chances slip.

One night a feller came along and said that
some bear had been seen on the hills which
was a few miles back of our place, and we all
at once decided to go for them next day. I
was mighty tickled I tell you, to go. I said
to myself that if ever I got ar eye on that bear
that “Old Faithful,” as I called my gun, would
speak for herself. I wouldn’t wait for no durn
city guy. So I went to bed that night in high
spirits.

It must a bin about midnight when I heard
Aunt a calling to me to fetch in the bottle of
linerment for to rub on Uncle’s leg. She said
*twas over the chimney place. So I felt around
in the dark and finally ran onto a bottle there
and took it in to Aunt. Then I went to sleep
again. Just before daybreak I heard the most
awful groans from Uncle. I jumped up and
went into his room. His light was burnin’
and he lay on the bed, one leg hangin’ outside
and I could see ’twas black from the foot to
his knee. He called to me “boy, I’m mortifyin’
go for the doctor.”

I shook Aunt and when she seen that leg she
jest turned over an’ moaned. But when Uncle
said, “Emmer, can’t you do nothin’ for me e
Aunt got right up. When she got up I seen
her hand ’twas black jest like Uncle’s foot.
The bottle of linerment was on a chair by the
bed and I looked at it and it said “ink” on it.
I said to Uncle, “I guess you put ink on your
leg didn’t you?” He looked at me and then
at the bottle and then at me again and then
T knew that warnt no place for me. So I went
out to the barn to do the chores.

When Uncle came out I saw right away that
my bear hunt was all up. I heard him a mut-
terin’ about a darn fool boy an’ finally he fair-
ly yelled at me: “You git on your things af-
ter breakfast and go over to Jim Dent's for
some butter I ordered over there. You foller
up the creek aways and you'll come to the

house. Then you hang around here and do
chores for your Aunt.” I tell you I felt
mournful. I had felt most sure of gettin’ that
bear, but of course I couldn’t say nothin’
though I felt *twant my fault. Aunt Pitas
ought to a known the feel of the linerment bot-
tle.

At breakfast them city guys was full of talk
of bear huntin’ and what they was a goin’ to
do. Made me feel pretty bad I tell you.

When they was all ready to start and they
seen me a hangin’ back they asked Uncle if I
warnt a goin’ and he said he want goin’ to
have no durn boy along with him. After they
was gone I went in and got out the old gun
and held it for a while, thinkin’ of what I
might of done with it and I loaded it fer bear,
just pretenden’. Then I started after that but-
ter and I guess there was tears in my eyes. Of
course I didn’t take the gun along, for I would
have a big load to carry back. I think I would
a bin happy enough with “Olid Faithful” to
cheer me up. So I started with feelin’ sor-
rowful enough. I remember ’twas a most
beautiful day. Nature tried to catch your eye
at every step and twant long before the mist
cleared and I began to notice things. Pard,
I never could resist the charms of nature. I
guess that's why I have always got to go when
she calls me to go huntin’ or fishin’ end I rath-
er think now a lookin’ back that she has called
me to go at most outlandish times. Mostly
she seems sweetest and calls loudest along in
harvest times. I have heard some of them fel-
lers what comes up here in the summer to
have us guides catch fish for them, call na-
ture their mistrees. Well, Pard, she is the gol
darndest gal I ever see.

Well, that little creek fairly bubbled over
with joy at seein’ me and kept a gigglin’ all
the way. ‘The trees seemed fairly alive with
birds. They flew about here and there makin’
the air fairly sweet with their songs. I knew
them then every one jist as I do now, but not
by the same names. I had named them my-
self and I think I got more pleasure out of
them on that account.
THE ARGO.

Well, I sauntered along and took my time
about it, for [T remembered Uncle had told me
J was to stay arourid arid help Aunt after I got
back. So you can jist imagine I didn’t run, any
way. About half way there was a cross-
stream joined the creek I was a follerin’ and
around there I saw lots of game and many a
fine shot, not having a gun. They all seemed
to know I was narthin’ but a durn fool boy,
anyway.

Well, I got the butter and started back. I
tell you, I didn’t have no call to run then.
There was a whole pail full of it, and it was
like so much lead to me; toting it along over
a half-beaten path on your bare feet wasn’t
no fun. I was ’most gone before I was half
way back; so I decided to rest just as soon
as I got to that cross-stream and lay around
for a spell, on the watch for game. Of course
I was mighty careful not to make any noise by
breaking twigs, or nothin’. I was surprised,
though, not to see any game when they had
been a-plenty jest an hour before, and I hadn’t
made no noise. I didn’t see even a rabbit. But
I heard a blue jay overhead a givin’ it to some
one; so I though some one had probably jest
gone along and skeered them all.

The path I was a follerin’ was some dist-
ance back from the creek, opposite where the
cross-stream joined. When I come opposite
that cross-stream, I set the pail down in the
path and crep’ softly through the bush to the
bank of the creek so as to get a view up the
cross-stream, ‘There warn‘t nothin’ in sight
‘cept a few birds and some minnows swim-
ming around in the water. I sat there watchin’
the birds a-flying around and findin’ things for
their young uns to eat. Happy and gay they
were and each one always had a song to help
along another and cheer him to his work.

I must ’a sat there some time, for [ was
tired, I tell you, when I heard a crushing and
crackling o’ twigs back o’ me. It was just as
if some one was tryin’ to get through the bush
and was bound to make as much noise as pos-
sible a-doin’ of it. It was that fellow what
skeered the game for me, I thought. I listen-

ene

45

ed some time; then I thought I heard my but-
ter pail rattle. I tell you that meant me for
_ pail of butter was my passports at Une
e’s,

So I just struck out to see what was going
on . When I reached the path and glanced
back, I think I was never so skeered in my life.
There was my first bear a’ eatin’ up Uncle’s
butter! My first thought was for that butter.
I must save that, anyhow. I was goin’ to try
ter shoo him away as you would a chicken,
when I thought p’raps Uncle would rather
have the bear than the butter and the bear
lookin’ my way too was mighty convincin’,
O, for “Old Faithful” loaded, as I knew she
must be, for bear.

It didn’t take me long to decide what to do.
I started to Uncle’s fur that gun; and how I
did run. I ran for two reasons. One, to get
that bear; and the other, not to git a lickin’
from Uncle fer losin’ the butter. If I didn’t
get the one, I’d get the other sure. That I
knew well, especially after the trouble of the
night before. I hardly thought I had heard
the last of that yet. Sure fact, that black leg
had been hauntin’ me ail the mornin’.

It was a long ways to Uncle’s house, and I
ran nearly all of it. I put in my best licks
while light, ’cause I knew that gun would
weigh a ton by the time [ got back. I saw
Aunt Emm’ a-sewing in front of the house be-
fore I got there and I just yelled to her, “Git
my gun, git my gun.’ But I guess she was
most skeered to death to see me a-runnin’ and
a’ yellin' for a gun. At any rate she jest sat
there and looked at me, her eyes a’ starin’ out
of her head. I didn’t stop to inspect her
closely though, but run in an’ got my hands on
‘Old Faithful,” and then out again as quick
as I could.

Aunt Emm’ had found her tongue by this
time, and when I come out, she yells at me,
“where is that butter? Come back here, and
tell me. You wait till yer Uncle gits ahold of
you!” But I stopped for nothing ; my thoughts
were back there in the woods with that bear.
I don’t know whether I thought he would be
THE ARGO.

46

where I left him or not, but I remember
thinking ‘twould be best to go around him and
shoot him from the other side; so that if he
ran he would go toward the house. So I cross-
ed the river and climbed through the under-
brush till I got quite a distance above the cross
stream; then I crossed again and came back
along the path, “Old Faithful” ready. All I
found was the empty pail, all chewed and bat-
tered out of shape. No bear! Tears blinded
my eyes so for awhile, that I couldn’t see noth-
in’ well. But soon I was lookin’ around tryin’
to find where the bear had gone.

I finally found where he had left the path
and gone off into the woods toward the hills,
where Uncle and his city guys were huntin’.
That suited me; I set in to foller that bear till
I got him. So I started in for a long hunt,
keeping an eye on the bear’s track, which
could be plainly seen in places, from the brok-
en branches. I follered him for-several miles.
Suddenly, right ahead of me, not more than
twenty feet away, was my bear!

(To Be Continued.)

CONSTITUTION OF THE
ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION
I—NAME.

The name of this Association shall be The
Athletic Association of Rutgers Preparatory
School.

II—OBJECT,

The object of this Association is to promote
an interest in, and to exercise control of ath-
letics among’ the students of the school.

III—MEETINGS.

Sec. 1. Regular meetings of this Associa-
tion shall be held three times a year, viz., sec-
ond Wednesday of the school year, last Wed-
nesday in February, last Wednesday in May.

Sec. 2. Special meetings to be called by the
President on the request of five members of
the Association. Due notice of such meetings
must be posted on the bulletin board for at
least one day before they are held.

IV—MEMBERS.
All students of the Academic department

are eligible to membership in this Association,

V—DUES.

Dues shall be $1.50 per year, payable semi-
annually in September and February.

VI—VOTING.

No member shall be allowed to vote in any
of the meetings of this Association, unless he
shal have paid his dues in full for the current
season.

VII—OFFICERS.

The Officers of this Association shall be a
President, Vice President, Secretary-Treas-
urer.

VIII—MANAGERS.

It shall be the duty of this Association to

elect a Manager for the football, baseball and

track teams, respectively.

IX—ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
The President, Vice President, Secretary-
Treasurer, shall be elected at the May meet-
ing for the folowing school year.

X—ELECTION OF MANAGERS.
(1) The manager of the football team shall
be elected at the September meeting.
(2).The manager for the baseball team
shall be elected at the February meeting.
(3) The manager of the track team shall
be elected at the February meeting.

XI—ELECTION OF CAPTAINS.

(1) The captain of the football team, for
the ensuing year, shall be elected by the mem-
bers of the football team immediately after the
last game.

(2) The captain of the baseball team for the
ensuing year, shall be elected by members of
the baseball team, immediately after the last
game.

(3) The captain of the track team shall be
elected by the members selected for the team,
as soon as the team is chosen.

(4) Any candidate for captain of either
baseball or football team, shall have been a
member at least one year, of the team for
which hs is candidate for captain.

(5) No person shall be considered a mem-
THE ARGO.

of the baseball or football teams, unless he
- his “R. P.” on that team.

(6) The track team shall consist of the
members of the relay teams and those who
shall be judged by the regular trainers, wor-
thy of representing the school in individual

events. o .
XI—RIGHT OF WEARING R. P.

No person shall be alowed to wear the R. P.
unless

(1) He has played three (3) full games
or the equivalent thereof on the football team.

(2) He has played three full games or
wenty-seven innings on the baseball team.

(3) The “R. P.” shall be given to any mem-
ber of the relay team whose team shall win
first place in the Rutgers meet or any place in
the Princeton meet, and to anyone in individu-
al events who shall win similar places.

(4) Any wearer of the “R. P.” who does
not do sufficient work in any subsequent year
for that team may be deprived of his: “R: P.”
by a two-thirds vote of the Association.

t

XIII—DUTIES OF OFFICERS.

Sec. 1. The President shail preside over
all the meetings of the Association and per-
form such other duties as may devolve upon
him by virtue of his office.

Sec, 2. The Vice President shall perform
all the duties of the President in case of the
absence of the latter.

Sec. 3. The Secretary-Treasurer shall keep
a record of all the meetings, of all the members
of the Association, and of the funds thereof,
shall render a written report of the same at
each regular meeting and shall see that the
constitution is published at least once a year in
the Argo.

XIV—QUORUM.

A majority of the members shall constitute
a quorum.

XV—AMENDMENTS.

Sec. 1. This constitution can be amended
by only a three-fourts vote of members voting
at that meeting.

Sec. 2. All amendments to this constitution
must be handed in writing to the Secretary-

‘and transacted some busin

47

ma ;

- Feasurer, who will read them before a meet:
ing of the Association at least three (3) da
before they are voted upon. e

—____
: PRIZE SPEAKING CONTEST.

The speakers for the Lane Prize Coles
have been chosen. There are two prizes of-
veved, one of ten dollars, the other of five, The
naines cf the contestants are: Devan, Black
Scott, Hansen, Schenck, Thomson Maca,
Vrooman, Nicholas, Potter.

 

BASKETBALL,

The Trap boys are organizing a basketball
team and practice four times a week in the
Seminary Gymnasium. There is some promis-
ing material for a good team, and they expect
to have their first game soon.

 

GLEE CLUB.

The Glee Club held its first rehearsal on
Monday afternoon, January 23, at the Trap,
with Prof. Wilmot as director. Several new
voices were tried (wheter guilty or not re-
mains for others to decile) and assigned to
their various localities in regard to position on
the scale (the scale of good and bad not be-
ing taken into considerati~).

Eighteen men were present and apparently
there is enough material to form a noisy club.
At least several persons in the near vicinity of
the music room at the Trap testified and were
ready to swear (to it) that there proceeded
from that locality “Horrid shouts and shrieks
and (sounds) unholy!”

rs are all very enthusiastic and op-
timistic and a bright future seems open before

the club.

 

‘07 CLASS MEETING.

The class of ’07 has been holding several
meetings lately and elected a president, Mr.
Horace Phinny. This dignitary seems to have
alled his class together in short order,
ess, for we behold
the members of the class proudly arrayed as to
their heads, with glorious blue caps and large

marti
THE ARGO.

48

white figures which effectually indicate to
what class they belong. The class deserves
to be commended for the enterprise and spirit

of unity which it has displayed and we hope
that they will continue as they have begun.
Ane
SLIPS AND CLIPS.

Miss B—s. (4th Form American History).
e what occurred after the

“Now please tell m er the
battles of Lexington and Concord Bridge.

McF—n. “The next thing was—er—the Bat-
tle of Bull Run.” (Voice of Dr. Payson from
rear room) “My! My! This reminds me of

my Latin Class.”

Prof. $—t. “What on earth is that horrible
noise back there at the end of the room?
Ph—y, please don’t answer when you are not
called upon.”

Ph—y. “I didn’t say anything then, I was
only thinking.”

Prof. S—t. “Oh! you were? Take notice,
young men, that hereafter, when any of you
hear a humming, buzzing, and unexplainable
noise in the rear of the room, you may know
that it is Ph—y thinking.”

-_—_——

 

The statement of B—k in American History
Class the other day that “Mrs. Anne Hutchin-
son and another young gentleman purchased
Rhode Island,” occasioned considerable mer-

riment.

 

It has been stated that the colored race have
longer memories than white folks. Mark
Twain tells the following story to prove it:

“Some years ago, when South, I met an old
colored man who claimed to have known
George Washington. I asked him if he was
in the boat when General Washington crossed
the Delaware, and he instantly replied, ‘Massa,
I steered dat boat.’

“Well, I said, ‘do you remember when
George took the hack at the cherry tree?’

“He looked worried for a moment, and then
with a beaming smile, said:

““Why, shuah, massa, I dun drove dat hack
myself.”

Dr. P—n. “W—t, how do you spell gnaw ?”
w—t. “Knaw.”

 

S—th, (Caesar Class). “Did Caesar write
The Gallic War before he died?”

 

Prof. M—s. “Miss P—s, you may now
translate the portion relating to the compact
between the two chiefs.”

Miss P—s. “To render the compact inyio-
lable, Cyrus gave to the chief his right wing
(hand), in token of friendship.”

 

Prof. S—t. “Now K—k, can’t you tell me
what 1-5 of 6 is?”

K—k. (hesitatingly).
know.”

Prof. S—t. ‘Well, suppose I had six apples
to divide among five boys, how many apples
would each receive?”

K—k. “Five sixths of an apple.”

“Why—I don’t

Miss —, (translating). “No one was found
who refused to die when he was killed.”

Prof. R—I. “What does ‘nescio’ mean?”

Pupil. “I don’t know.”

Prof. R—l. “Correct.”

“What does ‘idem’ mean ?”

“The same as it always does.”

 

A man who had just come to this country
from Ireland, and had found immediate occu-
pation as a brick carrier on one of the tall
buildings in the city, wrote an enthusiastic let-
ter home, in which he said: “O! Pat, this is
a foine country, do come over. All yez has
to do is to carry bricks up on top of a buildin’,
and the men there do all the work.”

 

Physician. ‘Your ailment lies in the larynx,
thorax, and epiglottis.”

Hooligan. “Indade? An’ me afther thinkin’
the trouble was in me throat.”

Falx muralis had been rendered in the Caes2t
class as “wall hook,” whereupon it was asked
what a wall hook was. The pupil replied, “A
hook that you hang clothes on.”
THE ARGO,

‘

oe Romans compelled the Carthaginians
ie up their fire arms.” :
0 8
1d negto being taken ill, called in a phy-
: iv his race to prescribe for him. But the
siciat é did not seem to get any better so a
4 physician was called. Soon after arriy-
ame doctor felt the darkey’s pulse for a
‘ then examined his tongue.

nt an
ani your other doctor take your tempera-

>” he asked.
eg don’t know, sah,” he answered feebly—

“y ain't missed anything but my watch as yit.”

 

There is a young man named McFadden,

Who has proved him a modern Aladdin.

He rubbeth his lamp,

On the ground he doth stamp—

There appears the best Glee Club we’ve had
in

A good many years.

 

EXCHANGES.

In a story entitled “The Cousin of the De-
butante,” in the December number of the
Perth Amboy H. S. Echo, we find the follow-
ing statement: “Great arc lights shed their sil-
very effulgence on the polished floor.” This
is certainly very artistic, but the point of the
sentence is rather blunted by the fact that this
cheerful event was supposed to have occurred
in 1804, long before arc lights were invented.”

 

“The Midnight Express,” in the Poly Prep.
is a very interesting story.

 

“The Walking Leaf” appears to have one
very short story shut away in a corner of the
paper. We should like to see some stories in
the paper as well as hear of the advantages
which the school offers.

 

“Crime Will Out” in the Irving Record is
a very amusing and well written story of a

light-fingered colored boy on a Southern plan-
tation.

49

 

We have some snappy, dressy, distinctive
Overcoats and Suits. The kind that distin-
guishes the well-dressed man from the ordinary.

All have broad, shapely shoulders and a
host of other little kinks for which our clothing
is noted, and have been sold for $15 and $18.

At any sale, any of these Suits and Over-

coats— $ 1 1 15
Iv
“A Trip in an Automobile,” which is the
description of a ride through the lower regions

contains a very clever plot. The writer will
doubtless make a second Milton or Dante.

 

“Eyolution,” quoth the monkey,
“Makes all mankind our kin,

There’s no chance at all about it,

Tails we lose, and heads we win.” —Ex.

 

“]'m afraid,” said the actor, when a cabbage
came within an inch of his nose, “that some
one in the audience has lost his head.”—Ex.

 

HOW ‘TO KILI, A SCHOOL PAPER.

1. Do not subscribe. Borrow your class-
mate’s copy—just be a sponge.

2. Never send in news items, and criticise
everything in the paper—be a coxcomb.

3. If you can’t hustle and make the maga-
zine a success—be a corpse.

4. If you are a member of the staff, play
tennis or something else when you ought to be
attending to business—be a shirk.—Ex.

——

“Non paratus sum,” he said,
Rising with a troubled look,
‘Sic est semper,” dixit Prof.
“Scripsit nihil” in his book.

 

We asknowledge with pleasure the receipt
of the following exchanges: The Register,
Triangle, Pingry Record Amulet, Seminary
Breeze, Irving Record, Quill, Barnard Aion,
Lealonian, Skirmisher, Poly Prep., H. S. Reg-
ister, Walking Leaf, Spectator, Targum, Col-
umbia News, Academy Journal, Polymnian,
Red and Blue.

 

Established 1824. A School of Engineering

 

Rensselaer

Polytechnic Institute
Troy, N. Y.

Local exuminations provided for.
Catalogue

 

Send for a

THE ARGO.

WALL'S
Sul S

Are the standard for style and quality and his
establishment is the largest of its kind in Cen-
tral New Jersey.

Uniforms a specialty.

John P Wall,

115 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Long Distance Wire.

 

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by arevision and enlargement of the cur icul
unusual facilities tor Klective Courses oa
Junior and Senior years in Latin, Greek, french,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy, :
Physics. Chemistry and biology.
In this Department, on the completion of the full f
a ‘our
ears requirements including Greek, bi i
ea dour of kent ig ek, the candidate recieves
tm the completion of the ull four years’
in which Modern Languages and olanos are aetna tee
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B, Litt

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State Colle 2
ture and the Mechanic Arts, he Fie: Neneh a
In ths Department there are six full courses, each
leading to the first degree in science, B. Sc.
Course in Agriculture.
‘A Course in Civil Engineering and M chanics.
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.
6. A Coursein lay Working and Ceramics.
Anda short course of two years in Cerami: 8 which does
ue ad ton degree. ING
or catalogues and other info tion, address IRVIN
8. UPSON, Registrar. ian
‘AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

orepe
THE ARGO,

gisSETTS DRUG gropE

‘1 find us at 420 George street after No
You wil
—

We can supply you when in need of

vember rst.

‘eines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs, Brushes
prugs, Medicines, Soda and Milk Shakes,

OKSELLER, AND §
“HAS TAMM, oo 376 George ae TIONER
C e

stock of College and Sporting Goods and H
‘a a complete s for Home, Society | description always in s
eG pplies, as well a shortest notice,
uw ?
school

; i reaters, Dum
od Business use neo Punching Bags, Jerseys and Sw
a Boxi

Footballs, Clubs. McFadden’s Exercisers,

LOUIS LEITHEIszR,
GO

ee ir Dresser
SEIFFERT BROS., | Barber and Ha

‘onery, Books, Photo and 117 Albany St,
For Statice porting Goods.

New Brunswick, New Jersey.
TREET.
ENNIS S

ome Pastimes of every
tock and to order at

bells and Swinginz

 

oe TON AVE.
ES. 23 to 29 EAS
eo RS STABL
RUTCE :

Sey cS
Roses

   

bile Station
. s and Automo
Grand Sante ae ob Albany St.

 

 

 

¥ 9
advertisers please lo not neglect to men on
’
When patronting our dvert d t lect t i The Argo
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK_N. J.
FOUNDED 1766.

weeee eo eee eee
ee ee

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON; A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and.Greek,
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B,, Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military. Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

MISS MARY GREGG, Instructors

For particulars addross
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

Nzw Brunswi0Kk, N. J.
