 

VOL. XVI.—No. 7
APRIL, 1905

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School

New Brunswick, N. J.

 
{ THE ARGO.

PAUL FP. WILEIAMS,

 

 

 

REAL-ESTATE
43 PATERSON ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY.

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

@ FINE JOB PRINTING &

Of Every Description.

“THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

George and Paterson streets. Peace street and Commerce square
pee SU

 

 

(i Tabard Inn Library station at our George street store,

me TAPE N.

JEWELBR.
ne eee Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS COMPANY,
NEW STOCK OF sik GOODS & SILKS Carpets, Mattings and Rug

In all the Newest Wea and Colorings.

SUITS AND JAGKETS, “PU, BSRES a0

Linoleums and Oil Cloths.
Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains,

P. J; Youn ae. ‘Goen Co., 27 CHURCH STREET.

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
THE ARGO. Mot ll

HAGAIIAN & CRATER,
High Class Clothing and Furnishings

Stein-Bloch Clothing. _ Knox Hats. Dent and Fownes Gloves,
Kaiser-Barethea Neckwear.

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

SIEWARTS HAT STOR

(Established 75 Years)

Caps, Drill Gloves and Furnishings.
CHURCH STRGE6T, NO. 29.

 

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

 

9 PEACE Sr. Nzw BRUNSWICK.
0. 0. STILLMAN, I S. VAN DERVEER
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN, Photographer

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins :
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding Special Rates to Frats and Classes.

Invitations. .
45 CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.

 

LYONS & PARKER, L. VOLKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc. Merchant Tailor,

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS, 359 GEORGE STREET,

1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
Fa THE ARGO.

E
RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STOR
a

W. R. REED,

UPPLIES OF EVERY

Il

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY S
DESCRIPTION.

880 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

NOW BOYS GO TO

Opposite Y.M C.A. LOW ENSTEIN’S, 8q Church street_

For your wares in Hats and Furnishings. Always new things to be had.

WILLIAM GAUB (4 f= compLETE LINE OF......----

Dealer in All Kinds Of Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Meats and Sausages S | O E S 7

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.
— AT LOWEST PRICES,

Jacob Weber, —
MERCHANT - TAILOR, | WILLIAM J. SENG’S

417 George St.

Graham & McCormick,

Caterers and Confectioners
FANCY CAKE BAKERS. ea,
FRATERNITY AND OLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,
109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

 

Rutgers Prep. School

Shoe Stores.

 

Repairing Neatly Done.

ERNEST DEVER Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
 

ie, ARGO,

 

VoL. XVI.

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

E> «

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

FRANCIS MARMADUKE POTTER.
. Editor-in-Chief.

 

CHARLES E. CORBIN, Alumniana.

JOHN B. BLACK,
TRACY S. VOORHEES, News.
WILLIAM G. PACKARD,

S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
J. ED. ELMENDORBF, Annex Notes.

WwW 3 7
ERNE, HALSTED... | pusines Manager

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shoud be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P.S., New Brunswick, “. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

The spring vacation, the last continued va-
cation of the school year, is past, and we are
back again at work. Now, when tired of
school tasks, we must look forward to the
Summer vacation, which is about a month and
a half distant. With this goal in view, this
crown, as it were, to all our labors in school,
let us press onward, in order that when that
time comes, we can look back over our year’s
work and say: “I have done my best, and thus
have suceeded, my time has been well spent.”
The Spring term is considered to be the easi-

New Brunswick, N. J., APRIL, igos. No

bs Fe

est of the year, but let us not on that account
relax our efforts, but rather redouble them,
tor “there’s many a slip twix the cup and the
lip.” But we do not wish to “croak,” for we
hope that everyone will come through all
trials safely and make a great success of his
year’s work.

In considering this more serious side of
school life let us not overlook the other branch,
the cultivation and development of the body.
Our baseball season has opened, and our boys
are practising every day to perfect their team.
There have been a great number who have at-
tended practice this year, and on that account
a full supply of good material has been
afforded, from which to choose. In conse-
quence of this we hope that our team will show
itself a strong one, and that it will gloriously
vanquish all who oppose it. If the attendance
at the practice continues as favorable as it has
begun, thus furnishing a strong scrub and af-
fording good practice for the team, there is
every reason to believe that our team will
make a success of the baseball season, thus
bringing honor to the old school.

There have been a number of original decla-
mations delivered in the last few weeks, some
of which have been remarkably good, and it
has been very interesting to note the various
subjects which have been chosen, and the dif-
ferent methods by which they have been work-
ed out.

A large number chose the subject “Victory
and Defeat,” but yet no two speeches were at
all alike. Each student presented entirely dif-
ferent views and ideas, the same idea being
rarely found repeated. The style of speech
yerie:! es the character of the various speak-

 

 
62

ers, proving, to quote one of the subjects, that
“studies enter into the character.”

Another set of stibjects has now been as-
signed, some of them dealing with the politi-
cal questions of the day, and it yet remains to
be seen which will appeal the most strongly to
the speakers. We hope that they will be dealt
with as successfully as the others.

 

All who possess some skill with the tennis
tacket, are advised to begin to practice and
put themselves in tiim, for there will probably
be a tennis tournament this year on the ‘Trap
grounds. In order that it may not interfere
with baseball practice, it will not be held until
late in May or early in June. Here an oppor-
tunity is afforded those who cannot shine in
baseball or football, to distinguish themselves
in this, one of the most skillful of games.

ALUMNIANA.

Dr. and Mrs. E. R. Payson and Miss Cary
were visitors at the home of T. R. Westerveli
during the Spring vacation.

Mr. and Mrs. Ames and Mr. and Mrs. Burr
were recently guests at the Trap. Both Mr.
Ames and Mr. Burr were formerly Latin Mas-
ters in this school.

‘91, Clarkson Runyon is coaching the Rut-
gers College baseball team this year.

’93, Ralph Parrott has been promoted to the
rank of Captain in the U. S. Army.

’99, Ray Edgar was married to Miss Olive
Dixon in this city April 12.

’99, Austin W. Scott is to be an instructor
in Mathematics in Rutgers College during this
term.

98, Bertram Cropsy has taken a position in
the Brooklyn office of the New York and New
Jersey Telephone Company.

Gustavo Franklin, who was. for several
years a student here, is traveling in the East.
Mrs. Payson has received a photograph of him
taken in Jerusalem in Arabian costume.

THE ARGO.

’o1, Sanger Carleton was a recent visitor at

the Prep. School.

William Smythe, (ex ’05) was a welcome
visitor at the Trap lately.

Edwin Carpender, (ex ’o1) and Cary Nich-
olas (ex ’04) are engaged in business in Cron-
ly, North Carolina.

Misses Helen Searle, ’02, May Demarest,
‘03, Sarah Scott, ’04, and Edwina Fisher, (ex
’05), visited the school lately.

Garthwaite, (ex ’06) is now working in a
bank in New York city.

Edward Cooke, (ex ’06) is now attending
the New Brunswick Business College.

Since the last issue of theArgo, the baseball
schedule has been somewhat changed and four
more games have been added. The following
schedule, which is probably the best the school
has had in a number of years, is due to the
enterprise of Prof. Ferguson, our manager.

April 15—Leal School at New Brunswick.

April 22—Rutgers College Freshinen at
New Brunswick.

April 29—Pingry School at Elizabeth.

May 6—Kingston School at Essex Falls.

May 13—Plainfield High School at New
Brunswick.

May 19—Plainfield High School at Plain-
field.

May 27—Hudson River Military Academy
at Nyack.

May 31—Pennington Seminary at New
Brunswick. :

June 3--Newark
Brunswick.

June 10—East Millstone at East Millstone.

High School at New

 

RUTGERS PREP., 12—LEAL, o.

The baseball season was most successfully
opened on Saturday, April sth, when we
easily defeated the Leal School nine of Plain-
field. It wa sour first game and the team
showed the result of two and a half weeks’
practice and Prof, Riedel’s coaching. Although
THE ARGO.

we so utterly outclassed our opponents the
game was very interesting throughout.
Applegate proved himself to be an excellent
pitcher by striking out twelve men and not
allowing a base on balls. Jewett, the Leal
twirler, showed speed and pitched well during
the first six innings, but at no time was his
pitching effective. Thompson made a pretty
catch of a line drive in the first inning robbing
Daniels of a hit. In the second inning we
scored three runs through errors of the Leal
third baseman and two passes to first. We
added two more runs in the second by an er-
ror of the third baseman, a base on balls and
Case’s hit. In the fifth we added one more
run by hits from Applegate and Matzke, and

in the seventh came our batting rally. Jewett
began to weaken and by six successive hits we
added six more runs,

The infield played well together for the first
game, but had the only four errors. The bat-
ting and fielding was exceptionally good and
with two months left we should have a base-
bal team to be proud of.

The line up was as follows:

Leal—Dallas, first base; Daniels, (cap.),
left field; Wills, catcher ; Glamy, short stop;
Howard, third base; Brown, second base;
Manning, centre field; Lyman, right field;
Jewett, pitcher.

Rutgers Prep—Andreae, first base; Matz-
ke, Hoe, Vrooman, left field; Case, Matzke,
catcher; Kirkpatrick, (cap.), short stop;
Thompson, third base; Corbin, second base;
Hoe, Packard, center field; Price, Hand, right
field; Applegate, pitcher.

Score by innings:

1234567 89 rh «€
Leal 000000000—0 35
Rutgers Prep. 0 3 201060 x—I2 II 4

A MEDIEVAL TRAGEDY.

Many years ago, back in the middle ages,
when the church ruled the state, when layman
was subject to priest, and men believed for
fear of death what they were told to believe;

63

in the fair land of Italy, in a little village, there
lived a maid, beautiful and good. Her father,
a nobleman, because of various accidents and
mischances had been reduced to comparative
poverty. He was a proud man, however, and
concealed his poor condition from the world,
choosing rather to appear rich and well nigh
Starve than to sell his estates and live in sim-
ple comfort. His daughter was his only child,
his wife had died long years before. He loved

his daughter, but still more he loved his proud
name.

One day a young noble from an estate near-
by came to visit the old lord. He was rich
and handsome, and, as was most natural, at
once fell in love with the girl. During his stay
they were much together, and she soon grew
to love him in return. At last one day, as
they were walking over the beautiful Italian
hills he told her of his love and asked her
to marry him, and this she gladly promised to
do. Hand in hand they came to the house, and
there they told the old noble of their secret.
He had suspected nothing and when he was
told, became furiously angry. He ordered the

young man to depart at once and never again
to see the girl.

He gave no reason for this unexpected burst
of passion, but it afterwards appeared that
the cause was his pride. He could give his
daughter no dowry suitable to her rank and
was ashamed to confess it. Determined that
she should never marry, he forced her to take
the veil, to become a nun. He lost no time and
that very night she entered a convent and re-
nounced the world forever.

Of course she was broken-hearted. For days
she scarcely touched any food, but sat at her
window gazing wistfully off over the hills.
One afternoon, as she was walking in the con-
vent garden an attendant passing by slipped
a note into her hand. Eagerly she read it,
and found it was from her lover, telling her
to wait that night at a certain corner of the
garden. She was there at the appointed time,
and he soon appeared with a ladder by which
she scaled the walls and entered the garden.
 

THE ARGO.

6
: her over. Horses

any time he helped ;
ie ail they fled. All that night they
were ’

: ch
hed the villa whic
daybreak reac
oa iA for her in a little ae
Z a a Florence. A priest was wa eS
ak soon pronounced the words that ma
an

them man and wife. £ this were the end of the

be well i
ie segs not. They lived happily oe es
or more in their new home, and a little gir _
born. But meanwhile the church was ac -
Ever since the night on which they a 5
attempts had been made to find them. An ola

but devoted to the

Cardinal, grim, cruel,
church, while traveling through that region,
stopped one night at the villa. He had known

the girl when she lived at her father’s house,
and as soon as he saw her he recognized her.
He called his atendants, and they seized her
and her husband and bound them. He asked
the girl what excuse she had to offer for
breaking her vow to the Holy Church. As she
had none he commanded that she suffer the
usual penalty. A portion of the wall of the
house was removed and she was placed there
with her child. A loaf of bread and a bottle of
water were given her, and before her husband’s
eyes, the stones were replaced, and she was
left to die. Frantic with grief he burst his
bonds, but as he shook himself free, a sword
pierced his heart and he fell back dead.

This is the end of the story, one common
enough, I suppose in those days of supersti-
tion. Many years afterward the stones were
removed and the skeletons of mother and child
were buried on the hillside near the spot where
long before the husband had been laid. ‘The
villa is now owned by a rich American, and he
tells this tale to his guests. The story is true,
I think, as I saw the spot in the wall where the
tragedy of centuries ago was finished.

——______.
ROME WAS NOT BUILT IN A DAY.

The history of every nation is a history of
conquest. During the centuries of the past;
the temple of war has seldom, if ever been
closed, and to-day its doors stand wide ool to

receive the multitude of braye lives whi

be sacrificed at the altars of duty he Ich mug,
ism. But let us leave this age of h Patriog.
novelty, and go back to the time a
and tradition are woven together 1 histo
designs are woven in a more beautify, ie
Yes, let us be carried back to the chats abrig,
tion that ever existed, a nation feds oe
ashes rose up many nations, each Proud Ose
mighty as its mother. and

as beaut; ful

To-day we read how Horatius defended th
bridge against the Tuscan army; how Re i
lus overcame the death-bringing moter i
Carthaginian swamps; and how Scipio, in the
Punic war, crushed the hated rival of Rome
Yet little do we think that such men and such
deeds as these are the strength of a nation,
They seem but stories, written for the passing
of an idle hour. But it is this that fires the
young heart to greater, to nobler things.

In the present age we are awed by the mag-
nificent statues dedicated to our heroes, In
almost every city some spot is set aside as a
resting place for the monuments to those who
fought, bled and died for their country. But
the heroes of old had living monuments. Every
man’s heart was a living fire where incense
was burned in honor of their warriors; anl
the perfume, rising and permeating the air,
was breathed in by the younger generations,
to serve as fuel for the fire which was there at
birth and needed only fanning to break forth
into that glow of national pride and devotion,
called patriotism.

Thus we learn of the men of Rome. Her
history is bright with tradition and story; but
her glory was bought with lives; war after
war, battle after battie was fought from cen-
tury to century to maintain her prowess.

Rome was not built in a day; no—not in a
century ; but each year was, as it were, a stone
laid on the foundation built by Romulus and
was cemented in with blood. Thus year after
year throughout a decade of centuries saw
this mighty empire grow up and strengthen
until she ruled the world. Yet her great
strength made her fall the greater; as a grand
THE ARGO.

oak standing on the mountain top towers
mightily over the sea of trees around it. Sea-
son after season it braves the storm, becoming
stronger with each struggle until it reigns su-
preme and defiantly tosses its top to the stars.
But finally there comes a storm far mightier
than all others. All night long it rages on the
mountain and still the oak defies it. But at last
there is a quivering—the monarch of the for-
est trembles, sways to and fro like a ship in a
tempest, and then with a crash goes thundering
down the valley and is echoed far and near; it
falls, bringing destruction to all around it.
But the fall of Rome is not a thing of the
past, but to-day serves as an example to the
nations. Like an avalanche, started by a pebble
on the mountain side, which, in its downward
course starts larger stones until they sweep in
a mighty mass into the valley; so a nation can
be overthrown by a small beginning and with
one downward rush, pass into oblivion.
*O5DECLAMATION.

 

THE ADVENTURE OF A LETTER.

Chapter I.
THE COUNCIL.

Lives of great men all remind us
We can make our lives sublime,
And, departing, leave behind us

Foot-prints on the sands of time.
—Psalm of Life.

Washington was making his retreat across
New Jersey. The British were jubilant.
Thought they, “now that we have tired the fox
all we have to do is to trap him.” But, this
was more easily said than done.

Although the colonists had almost given up
hope of ever gaining independence, Washing-
ton was never discouraged. Like the fox, he
saw and made use of even the slightest chance.

Across New Jersey, this great general re-
treated. He crossed the Delaware River with
his men, and, while the Hessians made merry
in Trenton, he was busy planning how to teach
those foreigners a lesson which they would
never forget.

65

te Was not until late in the year of 1776, that
this plan was at last completed, and all the

arrangements were made for
that mem
battle of Trenton, ica

In the morning of the very day of that bat-
tle, Washington summoned all the officers to
his headquarters. After much debate, this
council sent a messenger to a certain Jonathan

Andrews, requesting him to present himself
to Washington.

Soon Jonathan appeared. He was a tall,
strong, fair-haired, and intelligent lad.

Washington pointed to a chair, and, after
Jonathan was seated, said: “Sir, we have call-
ed you here to go on an important errand. Can
you ride a horse?”

Jonathan answered, “Yes, sir.”

“Across the river, there lives an old woman,
who calls herself Fraulein. You will know her
house, because it is on the very edge of the
river and is the only one within a mile south of
Trenton. Go there, hand her this slip of pa-
per, that has my name on, and ask for a black
horse.

“When you get the horse, ride it across New
Jersey toward New York. Every time you
pass a farm house or ride through a village,
wave this letter and call out, “The British are
coming.’ After you get within sight of New
York, turn around and ride back to Trenton.
There we will meet you at 12 P. M. Will you
go ne

“Yes, sir. But how a ml to cross the Dela-
ware?”

Washington laughed, then answered, “Did T
forget to tell you? About three miles down
the river, you will find a row boat. A man is
waiting in this boat to row you across the riv
er. When you see him, cry, ‘What ho?’ If he
answers, ‘Bunker Hill,’ he is the right man. If
he does not answer that, he is an enemy.”

“T will go, sir.”

Washington rose, shook Jonathan’s hand,
and then said quietly, “Thank you, Mr. An-
drews. Here is the letter. May God speed
you.
66

Chapter II.
THE CROSSING.

The ice was here, the ice was there,
The ice was all around ;
It cracked and growled, and roared and howled

Like noises in a swound!
—Ancient Mariner.

After nearly an hour of hard walking, Jon-
athan caught sight of the boat.

“What, ho??” he salled.

“Bunker Hill,” came the answer.

Running down the shore, he quickly got in-
to the boat, arid then told the man to “push
off.”

The ice in the river was running out at
terrific speed. ‘The crossing seemed almost
impossible. But Jonathan had promised to do
this errand, and he was determined to fulfill
his promise.

The sturdy little boat darted out of the
sheltered cove, struck the heavy ebb tide, rear-
ed like a frightened horse suddenly chacked
in its flight, and then shot forward.

The oarsman pulled hard for the shore, but
it was of no use. ‘The wind, the tide, and the
current were all going in one direction, and
these combined forces swung the boat around
and carried her down the river.

The man looked at Jonathan, and Jonathan
looked at the man. Both understood only too
well what this meant. It meant either a ter-
rible trip down the Delaware, through the bay,
and out upon the stormy Atlantic, or if the ice
became jammed, a certain and horrible death
by drowning.

“Drop the oars!” called Jonathan, between
the guests of wind, to the oarsman. “Wait
until we get near to Fraulein’s house, then we
will both row for the shore.”

The man obeyed. ‘The boat drove on before
the three great forces, the ice still followed
like a ghostly tiger pursuing its prey, and the
men intently watched the shore for any sign
of Fraulein’s house.

Suddenly Jonathan jumped up.
is! There it is!” he cried.

“There it
The two men

THE ARGO.

seized the oars, pulled with might and main
and after what seemed nearly five minutes of
battling with the forces of nature, at last
succeeded in getting the boat out of the cur.
rent and into a sheltered bay.

Chapter III.
THE RIDE.

“A horse! A horse! My Kingdom for 4
horse!”—Richard III.

Jonathan soon reached Fraulein’s tiny, but
spotlessly clean house. In answer to his knock
a stolid-faced, weazened old hag opened the
door.

“Are you Fraulein,” asked Jonathan.

“Yah,” answered the woman, in a voice that
sounded more like the croak of a raven than
anything else.

“Have you a black horse?”

“Val

‘Is it a good one?”

“Yah,”

Jonathan took the slip of paper out of his
pocket, handed it to her, then asked, “May I
have the horse?”

“Yah.”

Jonathan went to the little stable, opened
the door, and looked in. There, to his utter
astonishment, was the finest black horse that he
had ever seen. Quickly saddling it, he mount-
ed and rode away.

Past farm houses, through villages, into
the very heart of New Jersey, rode this second
Paul Revere. All the way, he kept shouting
that ringing cry, “The British are coming.”

The British soldiers were so taken by sur-
prise that while he was riding toward New
York, they offered him no resistance. But as
he turned away from that city, he heard a
clatter of hoofs behind him. Looking around,
he saw two soldiers pursuing on horse-back.

Across fields, through woods, over hills, and
through valleys rode pursuers and pursued.
Their horses were unevenly matched. Jona-
than’s was tired from its exertions, while those
of the soldiers were fresh.
THE ARGO,

y little did the soldiers gain upon Jon-
Little by little did Jonathan’s horse
speed and exhaust its great

Little b
athan.
slacken its

strength. :
The seconds became minutes, and the min-

utes hours, still the trio rode on.

The shadows lengthened, the sun disap-
eared beneath the horizon in the West, and
night came on, but still they rode.

The night was still and dark. No sound was
heard, except the deep breathing of the horses
an dthe steady click-a-clack of their hoofs upon
the frozen ground.

Suddenly Jonathan saw something which
made him heave a sigh of relief. Just in front
of him the lights of Trenton shone out clear
and bright. Urging his horse to go faster, he
turned it into a little lane, and rode at full
speed toward the river.

The soldiers seeing that it was no use fol-
lowing him, whipped out their pistols and fir-
ed after him. They hoped that some chance
shot might strike him, but in this hope they
were deceived. Just as Jonathan was nearing
the end of the lane, his horse stumbled and
fel, throwing him to the ground. As he picked
himself up, he heard the shots come whizzing
past him and drop into the river with a warn-
ing “phit!”

Going over to where his horse lay, Jonathan
found the poor beast, was stone dead. “Well,”
he mused, “the noble horse has died in saving
my life. But it’s too bad that it could not
have lived long enough for me to show the
gratitude I feel for it.

“Now I must rest myself and wait for
Washington. How he will come while all that
ice is in the river and all those Hessians are in
Trenton, is something I cannot solve. Still,
whatever he promises he always fulfills.”

So Jonathan waited.

Chapter IV.
VICTORY.

“Doth make the night joint labourer with
the dav.’—Hamilet.

Quickly the hours passed. Soon it was mid-

67

oo From the river, came the steady crunch
ae Of the ice; from the nearby woods came
€ mourniul sighing of the wind; and from

the city of Tren
ton came sounds i
revelry. of music and

Suddenly Jonathan heard a new sound. It
came from the river, It was as the sound of

something padde striking the water with quick,
steady strokes,

He listened. Yes, he heard it again. Nearer,
nearer, it came. Soon he thought he saw dark
objects on the water, The objects drew near-
er. They were boats filled with men. But,
were they friends or foes??

Was not that Washington in the foremost
boat? Was not that the Continental flag that

waved so proudly from the second boat? Yes,
they were American soldiers!

Washington had fulfilled his promise. A bat-
tle was near at hand.

Running along the shore, Jonathan joined
the Americans as they disembarked.

What followed, I need not repeat. It was
a noiseless approach, a complete surprise and
a victory !

The British and their allies really did come
across New Jersey, but in a manner that made
all the patriots laugh loudly and long.

That night, when Jonathan reported to
Washington, he was told to read the letter. On
opening it, what was his surprise to find a
commission making him a sergeant.

“But,” said the astonished Jonathan, “I have
not earned it.”

Washington answered, “Sergeant Andrews,
let me congratulate you on the success of your
mission. I sent you on to raise the hopes of
the colonists and to show them that even Bri-
tish soldiers are not invincible.

“T want to give a man with such grit and
sense of duty as you have, a good start on the
road to success.”

ALAN D. CAMPBELL, JR.
HE ARCO.

68

.
Another school song has been compose,

: : ie may
which should be learned immediately, as h
be sung at the games this year.

BASEBALL SONG.

Tune—“On the Banks of the Old Raritan.

diarnond
Our players out upon the
They're the swifest bunch that you can find
They'll show you how to play
For they’ve done so many a day
On the banks of the old Raritan.

Chorus.

We'll show you how to do the business,
And the game we'll teach you to play.
For you haven’t any show,
We're the only bunch, you know
On the banks of the old Raritan.

Though you may strive to play your hardest
It will be to you of no avail

For against old Rutger’s Prep.
You had just as well give up

On the banks of the old Raritan.

Chorus.

EXCHANGES.

A number of exchanges confine themselves,
in their exchange columns, to comments on
the covers of the different papers, and occa-
sionally very brief criticisms on the literary
work contained between the covers. But it is
this part of the paper, the literary matter,
which is of most importance, and upon which
we should like to hear intelligent criticisms.
The cover is of minor importance, although
we do not deny that the impression made by
a paper is greatly enhanced if the cover be
well designed.

Particularly are criticisms lacking on the
editorials in the various papers,

the January Amulet contained a
ing editorial, full of truth, on the
ing, and yet we have noticed no ¢

For instance,
very interest-
art of listen-
omment on it

in any of our exchanges, This
yery discouraging to editors,
We find one of our exchanges Stat

it has “read the following exchang ing thy
wonder if most of the papers acti :
them. They receive the exchanges o read
rather doubtful, judging from ee Ut ig
comments, whether they have read th
even looked them over.

is
0 the

tm, or

In such a well-ordered paper as the
containing such a large quantity , li tle,
matter, we are surprised to fing Such a
exchange column. It would adq to the : ort
est of the paper, we think, to amplify ge
branch of the paper. is

“Uncle Pete’s” story of his boyhood <
in the February number of the Irving Reng
is very amusing and well Written, The e
change column of this paper is very nts)
ing. Good, sensible criticisms are given. i
word of praise from such a source is to be : a
preciated and advice to be heeded,

_

SLIPS AND CLIPS.

A man carrying a basket of mo:

: Ttar on his
head must be a sub-lime character,

—Ex,

 

A Maryland school ma’am was ¢
class the mysteries of grammar. “Now, John-
ny,’ she said, “in what tense am | speaking
when I say I am beautiful ” The little fellow
answered as quick as a wink, “The past.”

eaching her

 

Dr. P—n. “Who was infernal Juno??”
C—n. “Pluto.”

 

A man running for office, gained the vote of
a farmer and obtained with it a rather doubt-
ful compliment.

The candidate paying a second visit to the
house of the doubtful voter, was surprised as
well as pleased to learn that he had decided to
support him.

“Glad to hear it,” said the candidate, “I
thought you were against me.” “So I was at
first,” replied the farmer. “When you called
peta THE ARGO,

the other day and stood by that pig-sty
here tked for half an hour, ye didn’t budge
gnd ta inch, but when ye had gorie away, sir,
ee vthinkin’ how ye’d reached yer hand ov-
I got sil and scratched the pig’s back till he
7 oi wi’ the pleasure of it, I made up my
af risk when a man was so sociable with his
m

fellow creatures, I wasn’t the one to vote

. ”
i m1.
against hir

A young would-be poet entered the publish-
ers room and ostentaciously handed him some
close-written sheets. The publisher rapidly
glanced through them and then declared that
they were of no use to him. Thereupon the

oet haughtily remarked, “Poets are born, not
made.” “Now young man,’ said the publisher,

«it won't do you 4 particle of good to lay the
plame on your parents.”

sh. “A great many years ago, when we
were children, we had a story book”— (inter-
rupted by derisive laughter.)

 

Teacher. “For what is Mt. Ararat noted?”
A. P. Why that’s the place where some of
the people stayed during the flood.”

 

A young man had been invited to dinner,
and was very much embarrased and shy. When
the meal commenced, his agitation began. Sit-
ting opposite a mirror he discovered to his
horror, that he had forgotten to comb his hair.
Lifting his hand to arrange his hair he knock-
ed his neighbor’s elbow and spilt the spoonful
of soup which she was just carrying to her
mouth all over her dress. As he arose to help
her he upset his glass of water into his other
neighbor’s lap and tipped over his own plate
of soup all over himself. Finally matters were
straightened out, but a few moments after-
ward, on putting his hand under the table to
feel whether the soup had dried on his trous-
ers, he felt—yes, it was! How it could have
happened he could not tell. All during the
rest of his meal he surreptiously but firmly
worked hard and fast with his hands under the
table. His embarrassment was painful to be-
hold. When the dinner was over, as he arose,
the whole table cloth and everything on it

69

 

A, Wolfsons Sons
Clothes Are Guaranteed

We sell every suit of our make with the
distinct understanding that it is guaranteed to
be free from imperfections in material and work-
manship, Ifa garment 1s not altogether right
in this respect, we want to knowit. Our clothes
are meant to be right, from lining to buttonhole.

The new spring models show certain ¢e-
partures from last season’s styles that will be
welcomed by every man who aims to be in
fashion.

Trenton Store, are

7 S. Broad St. Outfitters.
THE ARGO.

IV

came crashing to the floor, while the young
man pulled foot after foot of the tablecloth out
from between his waistcoat and his trousers.

Then he fled.

A. P. (reading). “Paul before his conver-
sation was steeped in sin.”

 

E. R. (Mythology class). “Well, denaper
he was burned with anger and sent a flood.

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers — will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these

on PAGER
Paul F. Williams, Real Hstate........ ..eeeeeeeel
Times Publishing Co ..... ak

   
   
    
     
   
  

Rust’s Drug Store ........... ;

B. U. Tapken, Jeweler ........ eleisieisiersye

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co........0. «+
T.-C. Hageman, Clothier. ..5.c..cici0 os cates ve oe

Stewart’s Haberdashery .

Harding & Mansfield, Shoes a
O. O. Stillman, Jeweler........ Ri aisiscnsicsaieeL
Lyons & Parker, Clothiers
I. S. Van Deveer, Photographer...... .
L. Volkert, Tailor ...... agetacaiave Riaie stale wieiernaiwrere7sro LE
W. R. Reed, Stationery ...
Loewenstein’s Furnishings
William Gaub, Butcher ......
Jacob Weber, Tailor ..... Siscate
Ernest Dever ........ siete eastese
Graham & McCormick,
W. J. Seng, Shoes
A. Wolfson’s Sons ........
John P. Wall os
Rutgers College =
Bissett, Drugs
Oo. Tamm, Stationery
Seiffert Bros., Stationery .............-
L. H. Leitheiser, Barber ......... ‘

W. J. McDede, Livery
Rutgers Preparatory School ....

NEW BUILDINGS.

Mr. Andrew Carnegie has recently given
$125,000 for a building for the Rensselaer Poly-
technic Institute at Troy, N. Y., to replace the
building burned last summer, and Mr. J. J.
Albright of Buffalo has subscribed $50,000
towards a new Chemical Laboratory. The
Institute has just purchased a piece of property
adjoining the property previously possessed
and the Carnegie Building and the Chemical
Laboratory will be placed upon it. The latter
building will cost at least $100,000. The num-
ber of students is the largest in the history of
the School,

 

  
 

 

WALL'S
SUITS

Are the standard for style and quality ang his
establishment is the largest of its kind in Cen-
tral New Jersey.

Uniforms a specialty,

John P Wall,

115 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Long Distance Wire.

 

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.

Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior und Senior years in Latin, Greek, french,
German, Higher Mathematics: Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.
In this Department, on the completion ofthe full four
years requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
he degree of 2. B
‘ n the completion of the “ull four } ears’ requirements
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agricul-
ture and the Mechanic Arts.
In ths Department there are six full courses, each
leading to the first degree in science, B. Ne.
- A Course in Agricu ie

» A Course in Civil E
A Course in Chemistry
» A Course in Electricity.
. A Course in Biology. 7

6. A Coursein lay Working and Ceramics.

Ande mart course of two years in Cerami's which does
not rad toa degree. TING

For catalogues and other information, address IRVING
8S. UPSON, Rewistrar.

AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

veering and M chanics,

   

Suns

  
THE ARGO.

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE

You will find us at 420 George street after November Ist.

es

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder

, Soap, Combs, Brushes

Soda and Milk Shakes.

CHAS. TAMM,

Carries a complete stock of College and
School Supplies, as well as for Home, Society
and Business use. ;

Footballs, Boxing Gloves, Punching Bags,

Clubs. McFadden’s Exercisers,

GO TO 42:

SEIFFERT BROS.,

tionery, Books, Photo and
ee Spottins Goods.

50 Dennis STREET.

 

BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER
376 George street,
Sporting Goods and Home Pastimes of every

description always in stock and to order at
shortest notice.

Jerseys and Sweaters, Dumbells and Swinginz

LOUIS LEITHEISE R,

Barber and Hair Dresser

117 Albany St.,

New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

bile Station
tral Stables and Automo
oe "68 and 70 Albany St.

 

tronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo
When pai
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J
FOUNDED 1766.

we eeeeeueeeee
peeee sesso

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
| : AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.

MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, instructor

For particulars address

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

Nzw Bronswiox, N. J.
