 

 

VOL.. XVI.—No. 3
DECEMBER, 1904

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N, J,

 

 
 
THE ARGO. : II

HAGEMAN’S
High Class Clothing and Furnishings

Stein-Bloch Clothing. Knox Hats. Dent and Fownes Gloves.
Kaiser-Barethea Neckwear.

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWARDS HAT STORG,

(Established 75 Years)

Caps, Drill Gloves and Furnishings.
CHURCH STREET. NO. 29,

‘‘THE LEADING DRUG STORES”

RUST’S

George and Paterson streets, Peace street and Commerce square.

 

 

(iF Tabard Inn Library station at our George street store.

peu APR EN,

JEWELER.
a ee eee Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

 

 

 

0. 0. STILLMAN, I. S. VAN DERVEER
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN. Photographer
eae onen “Gard gavin andWetding Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
45 CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.
LYONS & PARKER, L. VOLKERT,

Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc. Merchant Tailor,
CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS, 859 GEORGE STREET,

1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

Rutgers Prep. School atudents are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
THE ARGO.

II
UTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

—_—_———

W. R. REED,

UPPLIES OF EVERY

R

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY 6
DESCRIPTION.
380 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

NOW BOYS GO TO

LOW ENSTEIN’S, 89_Church street_

Always new things to be had.

Opposite Y.MC.A.

For your wares in Hats and Furnishings.

WILLIAM GAUB [4 Fine comrnerE LINE OF..........

Dealer in All Kinds Of Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

Meats and Sausages ‘ S H O E S 2

COR EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J. Le.
— AT LOWFST PRICES,

Jacob Weber, pedi
MERCHANT - TAILOR, | WwIfTTAM J. SENGS,

417 George St.

Graham & McCormick,

Caterers and Confectioners
FANCY CAKE BAKERS. aica =
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY.

109, 111, 113 Church St.

 

Rutgers Prep. School

Shoe Stores.

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

 

Repairing Neatly Done.

ERNEST DEVER Remember the two stores,

48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
Sao
4
i

edee

 

ie ly Ge)

 

 

Vout. XVI. NEw Brunswick,

N. J., DECEMBER, 1904.

No, 3.

 

 

The Argo.
Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

=

BOARD OF EDITORS:

FRANCIS MARMADUKE POTTER.
Editor-in-Chief.

 

 

 

CHARLES E. CORBIN, Alumniana,
JOHN B. BLACK,
TRACY S. VOORHERS, {wows
WILLIAM @. PACKARD,

S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.
J. ED. ELMENDOREF, Annex Notes.

EDWIN H. HALSTED,
SAMUEL B VROOMAN, {Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

The Fall term is rapidly drawing to a close
and examinations are coming on apace. The
students are busily engaged preparing them-
selves to meet the examinations, and the teach-
ers are beginning to look over the text books
and pick out the puzzling questions.

Most of the students, of course, mark the
approach of examinations with indifference,
for they have been faithfully devoting them-
selves to their lessons, but there are probably
some few who may have neglected their stu-
dies somewhat and now they must “cram”
hard.

Just beyond the Jordan of examinations

lies the land of bliss, the Christmas Holidays.
It is a time of joyousness to be looked for-
ward to with delightful anticipation, for it is
to most of us the happiest and best season of
the year.

Coming as this vacation does, between the
Fall and Winter terms, it affords us a grate-
ful relief after the work of the first term, and
gives us a chance to recruit our strength for
the trying ordeals of the Winter term, the
term which is probably the most difficult of
the whole year. So let no one waste his
strength by unnecessary study during the va-
cation. We hope that all will come back with
renewed vigor to take up again their tasks.

Here’s success to all in their examinations,
a pleasant vacation, Merry Christmas and
Happy New Year.

We should like very much to receive more

contributions to the Argo from the school.
The staff editors keep belaboring their minds
to produce material for the paper, but it is
very seldom that we receive voluntary con-
tributions from the school. It would come in
the form of joyful surprise to have some lit-
erary matter put at our disposal by members
of the school.

There is enought talent amongst the schol-
ars to keep the Argo well stocked with inter-
esting matter, and we hope that the school
will display a willingness to cudgel their brains
a little, and send in a flood of material that
wil fairly overwhelm us.

ALUMNIANA.
Jonathan Scott, ’98, spent his Thanksgiving
vacation in town.
This year, four men who have graduated

 
 

THE ARGO.

22

from Rutgers Prep. played on the (me
College football team. They were Green,
Murray, Fisher and Watson. : :

Samuel A. Van Vechten, ’02, is now WOTK-
ing in New York.
ae M. Hay, ’o2, is taking the Dental
course in the University of Pennsylvania.

William Little, 99, was in town a few Sun-
days ago. Ee

Clarence E. Case, ’96, who is practicing law
in Somerville, was an usher at the wedding
of Dr. Gutman and Miss L. Fisher, of this
city, on Tuesday, November 15.

Harold E. Green, ’02, has been elected cap-
tain of the Rutgers football team for 1905.

Frank T. Corbin, Jr., ’04, was one of the
guests at the Thanksgiving dinner at the
Trap.

Dr. J. E. Gleason, ’96, is traveling in Fu-
rope.

Miss Edwina Fisher and Miss Alta Schenck,
ex-’05, visited the school Friday, Nov. 25.

Miss Margaret Cook, ex-’06, spent her
Thanksgiving vacation in town.

Miss Elizabeth Corbin, ’96, spent a few
days at the Trap latelly.

 

UNDER THE MISTLETOE.

Jack Rodney rushed up the steps of his
home, seized the parcel which his sister hand-
ed him, hastily tossed it into the dress suit
case which he carried and with only “Hello”
and “Good-bye,” ran to the station and board-
ed the train for Lakeside Heights, where his
friend, Ted Norland and his sister, were to
give a fancy dress ball Christmas night.

A few seats in front of him sat a young
girl bound for the Norlands.’. She had a
striking face, and was evidently well able to
take care of herself.

“Lakeside Heights,” shouted the conductor,
and in the rush that followed, the porter
snatched up the three nearest dress suit cases,
among which were those of Margaret Shef-
filed, the young lady before mentioned, and
Jack. “T’ll take that!” shouted Jack, but the
porter was gone in a flash.

Margaret was met by her hostess, Ted’s
sister, and her dress suit case, along with
those of the other girls who had just arrive d
was slung up on the front seat of the car.
riage. They soon passed the boys, who had
walked on ahead.

The house stood at the end of a long aye-
nue, shaded by elms, and the Severity of its
substantial colonial architecture was relieved
by the Christmas greens decorating the veran-
da and the interior. These had been gathered
in the woods about the town, by those of the
young men and girls in the city who were to
be in the masquerade and who had spent all
the morning gathering them. Returning about
noon they had occupied the greater part of the
afternoon, until the guests arrived, in decorat-
ing the house both inside and out with greens—
holly and mistletoe.

The boys alone knew of the mistletoe, hay-
ing skilfully hidden it among the other greens,
leaving the girls to firid out as best they could
and woe be unto her who unwittingly should
choose to stand in a secluded cotaer, or under
a much-decorated chandelier!

The girls were welcomed by Mrs. Lambert
and immediately felt at home in the cosy sur-
roundings. They were then shown to their
rooms and spent the short interval before din-
ner in dressing and chattering.

After a lively dinner all went to their rooms
to dress for the ball. When Margaret opened
her dress suit case she stared at the contents
with dismay written on her face. First ap-
peared a monk’s cowl, next his robe and then
all the rest of a friar’s costume. ‘What shall
I do?” she exclaimed aloud. ‘Who has my
suit case?” ‘There seemed only one thing to
do—to wear the friar’s costume, and after
thinking a moment, she said “I'll do it!”

I nthe meantime Jack was being laced into
a Martha Washington costume, and when the
wig was brought in, poor Jack dropped into
a chair before the glass and howled, “Why
on earth did my freak of a sister make me
wear this? there must be some mistake. Gee,
don’t I make a stunning girl!”
THE ARGO,

At eight o’clock the now well-filled room
presented a charming picture with the gay
costumes and bright lights. In one corner,
Janice Meridith was having a tete-a-tete with
a court jester who was evidently using his
inost eilective stories to keep up with her in-
cessant chatter. Little Bo-Peep was talking
over some trivial matter with Virginia Carvel,
and near by stood Robin Hood discussing pol-
itics with Colonel Carter. These last two were
seemingly not very much interested in poli-
tics, but were keeping one eye on Bo-Peep
and Virginia ,although they were too bashful
to talk with those charming young ladies. At
last, however, Robin Hood “screwed ‘this
courage to the sticking point” and made a
dash for Virginia, while the stately Colonel
entered into conversation with Bo-Peep. At
the same time Margaret was having her troub-
les. In one corner she stood, surrounded by
a group of court beauties, and a few inquisi-
tive men. The conversation turned to foot-
ball and here Margaret was at a loss.

“Did you play in your college or prepara-
tory school days?” asked one young girl.

“T seldom indulged in that frivolity,” ans-
wered the friar. “My mind was turned to
books for the most part, although I remember
having played it in my earlier days.” “In what
position did you play?” inquired one who rep-
resented Sir Walter Raleigh.

“On my hands and knees for the most part”
the friar slowly replied. Margaret was get-
ting more and more nervous lest some one
should discover her disguise.

“You know what I mean, of course?” said
Sir Walter. ‘What position on the team did
you occupy?”

“There is half back and full back, guard
and centre; what on earth is the difference?”
Margaret asked herself; then aloud she said,
“T believe it was rear guard.” A general shout
arose and Margaret was sincerely thankful
when, at the interference of others, she could
profess to be indignant at the fun people made
of a poor friar, and walked off with a de-
jected air.

23

When she had gone Sir Walter, with a
slight shrug, remarked, “That poor fellow
made a chump of himself, Evidently he knew
nothing about the game.” With that he turn-
ed to Joan of Arc, and as the music then
struck up, with a stately bow, asked the honor
which she was very glad to bestow.

It did one good to hear the jolly laughter
and snatches of animated conversation. Very
few recognized their partners and this gave
a delightful sense of mystery to the affair.

Those who did not care to dance strolled
about the halls or sat on the wide staircase.
Some, declaring they were positively “roast-
ing” would even have ventured out on the
veranda had not the ever-watchful chaperones
prevented and delivered a precise little lec-
ture in their reluctant ears.

Soon after the music had begun, in one of
the rushes when dances were engaged, Ted
Lambert, the host, as Mephistopheles, ap-
proached Martha Washington and asked in an
off-hand way, for “a dance or two.” Martha
suppressing a very masculine grin, assured
him that she would be charmed.

Mephistopheles, although he was fascinated
by her charms, did not, as he afterward con-
fessed, thing much of her as a dancer; she
was too ready to lead, and that spoiled it.

Conversation turning to athletics Martha
waxed enthusiastic much to Mephistopheles’
delight. To his surprise she seemed to know
as much about baseball, football and other
outdoor and indoor sport as he hmiself did.

“Yes,” she said, “in college we had a splen-
did gymnasium and practiced a great deal
there. I used to go to the baseball and other
games which our college played with the other
coleges—I mean, I used to play on the team—
that is, on the basket-ball team, you know.”
“Hang me,” Jack added to himself, “why do
I have to let it out.’ Mephistopheles did not
seem to notice this however, and Martha, fear-
ing that she would give away more, proposed
a promenade.

It was now late in the evening, and Ted
was on the lookout for an opportunity to make
THE ARGO.

24

use of the mistletoe, but as yet none had of-

fered itself. Finally, in obedience to her
wishes, he left to get her a glass of lemonade
and on his return found her standing inno-
cently under a chandelier. The opportunity
was too great for Ted; but just as he was
about to redeem the forfeit, the whistle blew
for unmasking, and quick as a flash, off came
Martha’s mask. To his utmost astonishment,

Ted saw the grinning face of his chum—
Jack. Bizac.

 

CHRISTMAS, 1776.

Many of the ancient countries of Europe
have, and keep as a pleasant heritage, many
legends and stories of the Christmastide. Ov-
er here in America we have none of those
quaint folk-stories and ancient observances.
But there is one tale that will ever stir out
hearts as we hear it and which it were well
for us to consider again as we prepare to
spend our Christmas time in peace and hap-
piness. For it will do us good to remember
again how, one bitter Christmas night so
many years ago, the cause of our Independ-
ence was saved, and how our brave forefathers
toiled and suffered then to give to us the
blessings which we enjoy to-day. And especi-
ally ought we to recall the incidents of the
memorable Battle of Trenton, because it took
place so near us and was more or less con-
nected with the fortunes of our own city.

The Continental Army, after the struggles
around New York began the memorable re-
treat through New Jersey. It was a terrible
march, that. ‘The cold of the on-coming win-
ter pierced right through the scanty clothing
of the poor soldiers. Their feet, left bloody
footprints in the snow. They were hurried
through a half-hospitable country with a pur-
suing enemy at their rear, and before them—
hopelessness.

On the very day, Dec. 1, 1776, that Wash-
ington and his followers left New Brunswick
and burned the bridge across the Raritan, late
that afternoon the British army entered the
town in his rear. Washington thought of

making a stand at New Brunswick as later he
did on the west bank of the Delaware, Had
he done so, the battle of Trenton might have
been known in history as the battle of New
Brunswick. But he found that the Raritan
was fordable in several places and would of-
fer no effectual barrier to the march of the
British; so he had to move on to Trenton.
From New Brunswick, on Dec. 1, Washine-
ton sent word for all the boats of every a
on the Delaware River to be collected. A few
days later the weary army crossed; but be-
fore the rear-guard of the Americans had
landed on the Pennsylvania shore, Cornwallis
with his troops appeared on the other bank,
But he could not pass over, for the Americans
had seized everything that looked like a boat
and had taken it to the other side, and the
- sould not be forded. So the disgusted
Englishman had to stay where he was.
Meanwhile General Washington rested his
army and prepared to defend Philadelphia
These were hard days for him. He had to
bear with a slow and sometimes unreasonable
Congress, with the treachery of one of his
generals and the plotting jealousy of another,
with a despairing and discontented army, and
with the victorious march of his pursuing
enemy. People who had been patriots were
turning loyalists everywhere, influenced by
Howe’s proclamations. The American army
was in want of food, clothing and pay. The
enlistment term of nearly all the soldiers ex-
pired on the first of January, and they had no
desire of fighting and suffering any more.
Back at New Brunswick, the New Jersey and
Maryland Brigades had refused to serve an-
other day. Of the 5,000 men under Wash-
ington’s command, 2,000 were militia on
whom he placed absolutely no confidence.
On the fourteenth of December the British
army went into winter quarters. Howe went
to New York, that being the most comfortable
place he could find. And the army was sta-
tioned at Princeton, Trenton, Bordentown
and New Brunswick. At the last named place
the largest body of troops was quartered un
THE ARGO,

der General Grant, who was to be the com-
mander of all His Majesty’s forces in New
Jersey. In Trenton was a body of 1,200 Hes-
sians under one Colonel Rahl.

Rahi was a good soldier, but he made the
unpardonable mistake of wunderrating the
fighting ability of the American army. And
so when Count Von Dunop, his superior offi-
cer, stationed near Burlington, ordered him
to fortify Trenton more strongly, he disre-
garded the command.

Indeed, it must be admitted that the Ameri-
can army at that time was not an awe-inspir-
ing spectacle. The soldiers, in want of all
things, hopless and discontented, were joyful-
ly looking forward to the end of the few
weeks that would have to pass before they
could return to their homes.

The Hessians, on the other hand, were set-
tling down to enjoy themselves as well as
they could and began to eat, drink and make
merry, and to recall their Fatherland. On
December 20th the ice began to break up in
the river, but the weather continued very cold.
On Wednesday, December 25th, the Hessians
spent their Christmas in feasting, revelry and
drunkenness. Far into the night the carouse
was carried on.

Colonel Rahl spent the evening drinking
and playing cards at the home of Abraham
Hunt.

He had a day or two before received word
that he might expect some attack on Christ-
mas Day; and as there had been a trifling
clash with some wandering American militia
earlier in the day, Rahl felt at rest. Even the
usual guards were not mounted that night for
some reason, and the camp was almost whol-
ly unprepared for an engagement.

During the evening a Tory farmer, a Penn-
sylvanian, be it said, came to Rahl’s head-
quarters. Not finding him there, he went to
Abraham Hunt’s house. He came to warn the
Hessian that the Americans were preparing to
attack him that night. When he knocked at
the door and asked for the Colonel, the ser-
vant, not wishing to disturb Rahl, refused to

25

let him in ; So the man took a piece of paper,
wrote his warning upon it and sent it in,
When it was given to Rahl, he did not even
read it, but pushed the Paper into his pocket
and straightway forgot al about it.

Well might the drunken Germans be con-
tent to carouse within, for the night without
was fearful indeed. The cold wind blew
keen and sharp from the northwest. About
eleven o’clock there came up such a terrible
hail-storm as had not been seen for years. The
river was full of floating blocks of ice.

In the blackness of that terrible night the
Americans gathered by the river at McKon-
key’s Ferry, nine miles above the city. Their
march from the camp could be traced only
too well by the bloody foot-prints in the snow.
Every officer’s watch was set by Washington’s,
and every man’s hope, like his, was centered
on that desperate blow for their country’s
cause. “Liberty or Death” was the password
which the great leader gave out, and “Liberty
or Death” was the desire of every man that
braved the storm that night.

How shall we describe the crossing of the
river? How shall we put in words the desper-
ation of the undertaking? It was not merely
the beating hail, the intense cold, the ice in
the river, the scarcity of clothing that made
their situation so fearful, but the knowledge
that their cause for which they had toiled and
sacrificed, was almost lost and that if they
did not take the Hessians unawares that night
they would probably have to give up the
struggle they had been making for freedom,
and, as rebellious subjects subdued, would
have to sue for pardon at the hands of His
Majesty’s clemency.

It was four o’clock on the moming of De-
cember 2th that the last of those 2,400 men
had been ferried across the icy river by the
brave and skilful hands of the boatmen from
Marblehead.

Then the troops marched in silence toward
the town. On the way it was discovered that
nearly every man’s powder had become damp
and was absolutely useless. It was told Gen-

 
26

eral Sullivan. “Well, boys,” he said, “we

must fight them with the bayonet.’ He sent
word to the commander-in-chief, General
Washington’s noble reply was: “Then tell
the general to use the bayonet and penetrate
into the town, for the town must be taken, and

I am resolved to take it.”

We need say no more. The battle was al-
ready won. It was won when those brave
soldiers, shivering in their rags—one private
froze to death that night—still clung to their
purpose—‘“Liberty or Death.’ No need to tell
how the soldiers took their foes by surprise,
how Rahl and his officers tried at the cost of
their lives to make an organized resistance out
of their confused ranks; no need to tell how
the enemy attempting to flee towards Bruns-
wick, were cut off, how Rahl and his army
surrendered, and how the news of victory as
it flashed over the country, restored the need-
ed enthusiasm that kept up the war and made
this nation free.

But there is one thing that it were interest-
ing for us to note. There were, so the records
tell us, in that army, weavers, tailors, shoe-
makers, smith, carpenters, wagonmakers, ma-
sons, joiners, butchers, plasterers, stocking-
weavers, bakers, millers with other mechanics
and tradespeople of every sort. These all
fought that they might secure the blessings of
liberty to themselves and us. Shall not we
strive to uphold the best interests of our na-
tion as well as we can and so be worthy suc-
cessors of those who for Liberty’s sake, did
brave the bitterness of death.

ORDER OF EXAMINATIONS.

Monday, Dec. 12:
8.30 A. M. First Period.
11.00 A. M. Second Period,
2.30 P. M. Sixth Period.

Tuesday, Dec. 13:
8.30 A. M. Third Period.
11.00 A. M. Fourth Period.
2.30 P.M. Fifth Period.

THE ARGO.

PLAINFIELD HIGH SCHOOL—o. .. ..
RUTGERS PREP.—17.
Our boys went to Plainfield with great hopes
of running up a high score against the High
School of that place, but although they were
against a team much lighter than themselves,
still the score was not as high as it should have
been.

Corbin kicked off for Prep. over Plainfield’s
goal line for a touchback. Plainfield punted
out from their twenty-five yard line to Allen,
who failed to gain much. Prep. was penalized
fifteen yards for an off-side play. Corbin,
Case and Van Winkle, by hard bucking of the
line, made a few small gains, but Prep. again
lost fifteen yards for being off-side. Corbin
circled right end for fifteen yards. The ball
was steadily forced down the field by the
Prep. fellows for twenty yeards to Plainfield’s
ten yard line. C. Nicholas was pushed over
the line for touchdown. Andreae kicked an
easy goal.

Corbin kicked off for Prep. to the ten yard
line. Plainfield carried the ball fifteen yards
in two rushes, but were forced to punt to Cor-
bin who returned the punt five yards. Prep.
made a number of small gains, then fumbled,
but Matzke fell on the ball. Prep. carried the
ball to Plainfield’s fifteen yard line, where Cor-
bin was penalized fifteen yards for holding.
Corbin made fourteen yards in two rushes,
but failed to make the first down, and the ball
went to Plainfield on their fifteen yard line.
They gained ten yards, but time was called.

In the second half Plainfield kicked off to
Van Winkle who ran the ball back ten yards.
Prep. carried the ball straight down the field
aided by two twenty yard runs by Corbin and
C. Nicholas, until Corbin was sent over the
line for touchdown. Andreae again kicked
goal. Score, R. P. ,12, Plainfield, o.

Corbin kicked off to the twenty yard line
and by steady line plunging and trick plays
Plainfield had made 25 yards before the Prep.
fellows awoke and forced Plainfield to punt.
C. Nicholas and Corbin in three long runs
made sixty yards, but Prep. fumbled and the
THE ARGO.

ball went to Painfield. They tried a trick play
put were thrown back by Matzke for a loss.
Plainfield punted to Nicholas, who ran the
ball back five yards. Prep. rushed the ball to
the twenty-five yard line. Nicholas by a pret-
ty run made a touchdown. Andrea missed goal.

Only a few minutes were left in which to
d neither team scored. Final score,

play, an
17—0 in favor of Prep.
The line up:

Plainfield H. S. Rutgers Prep.
Rockwell .... Right End. ..... Matzke
Pahn ....-- Right Tackle. ......... Cox
Shager ...- Right Guard. ...... Allgair
Bogart .++++ Centre. . J. Voorhees
Freeman ... Left Guard. ....... Allen
Lorzeaux .. Left Tackle. ........ Case
Johnson .... Left: Endj\.2..... Andreae

Williams ... Quarterback. .. S. Nicholas
J. Douglass Right Halfback.. C. Nicholas
W. Douglass Left Halfback. Corbin (capt.)
Taylor ...+- Fullback.  . Van Winkle

POLYTECHNIC PREP. vs.
RUTGERS PREP.

On November 12, Rutgers Prep. sustained
the first defeat of the season.

The game started with Rutgers Prep. kick-
ing off to Polytechnic Prep., who was down-
ed on her thirty yard line. Poly. Prep. fumb-
led on a punt, and was downed for a loss of
ten yards. R. P. gained five yards, but was
held for downs. Poly. punted to R. P. and
Rutgers Prep. was forced back into her own
territory. By an end run of fifteen yards
Poly Prep. made a touchdown. Quarterback
kicked the foal, making the score 6—o, in fa-
vor of P. P.

Poly. kicked off to R. P. and Corbin caught
the kick and was downed on R. P’s. twenty-
five yard line. R. P. forced the ball down the
field for twenty-five yards, but lost the ball
on downs. Poly, Prep. scored another touch-
down by hard line plunges. The goal was
kicked, making the score 12—0.

Poly. kicked off to R. P. who was downed
on her ten yard line. ‘Time was then called.

27

In the early part of the second half, Matzke
was disabled from further play by a kick in
the side. Nelson was put on as left guard and
Allen took Matzke’s place. R. P. at one time
had the ball within one yard of the goal, but
lost it on downs, and the Poly. boys ran it back
and scored a goal from the field. In addition
to this, she scored two touchdowns and goals
in the second half, making the final score 28—
0, in favor of Poly. Prep.

The line up:
Polytechnic Prep. Rutgers Prep.
Centre
Baldwin. hctscs Seneca: J. Voorhees
Left Guard.
Bisher ye scene vlatioeden Allen (Nelson)
Right Guard.
Neilson) ssc siete. nena seer ores Allgair
Right Tackle.
LOZCG > 5icios:s)stela sts Badan on Sale OST OLG 60's Cox
Left Tackle.
Ward © ieselcr it lo,t tetas tretacecicter ter cent els Case
Right End
Gill (Randell) coca veces Matzke (Allen
Left End
Hughes "(Capt:) vewsanwsines vas'ec Andreae
Quarterback.
SCHMElZeh os... vietertitccgtrerwd eee S. Nicholas
Right Halfback.
Broeb, ciissty sera dvesiaissienaweis C. Nicholas
Left Halfback.
Wood (Crane) .......ccsecacccaes Corbin
Fullback.
Moulvibl cat ies ott aoskaauiewaca Van Winkle
Timekeepers : Kirkpatrick, Fullerton.

Linesmen: Vrooman, Norman.

The folowing have been awarded the R. P.
for football:

Corbin*, Case*, C. Nicholas*, S. Nicholas*,
Allen*, Voorhees, Cox, Andreae, Van Win-
kle, Allgair, Matzke.

*Have received the R. P. before.

SECOND TEAM.
The second team has played three games
this season, with the following resuts: New

 
38 THE ARGO.

Brunswick High School, 28, R. P. Second
Team, 0. M. U.A.C., 11, R.C. P. S. 2d, 13. M.
U.A.C., 5,R. C. P. S. 2nd, 4.

The general line up for all three games was:
Phinny, R. E.; Devan, R. T.; Cooke, R. G.;
Halstead, C.; Elberson, L. G.; Nelson, L. T.;
Elmendorf, L. E.; J. Scott, Q. B.; J. Hoe, R.
H. B.; Price, F. B.; Packard, (capt.), L. H.
B.

BORDENTOWN M. I. vs.
RUTGERS PREP.
On November 19th, our football team met
crushing defeat at the hands of the B. M. I.
No fault is to be found with our players,
for they did good work, but they were up
against something a little too strong.
Although our team played pluckily, the
score was run up to 34—0, in favor of B. M. I.
Through an unavoidable accident we are
unable to give a detailed account of the game.

RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.
Rutgers Prepartory School,
New Brunswick, N. J.
Wuereas, The Allwise Father has been
pleased to receive unto Himself the mother of
our beloved friend and classmate, Thomas
Arthur Allen, our Vice President, be it
ResoLveD, That we, the members of the class
of nineteen hundred and five, do extend our
most heartfelt sympathy to him in his sor-
row; and be it further
ResoLvep, That these resolutions be sent to
him and a copy of them published in the Argo.
Andrew Kirkpatrick,
Luther H. Martin,
F. Marmaduke Potter,

Committee.
Re

RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT.
Rutgers Preparatory School.
New Brunswick, N. J.
Wuereas, It has pleased God to take the

life of the mother of our friend and brother,
Thomas Allen, and

Wuereas, We his friends and fellow mem-
bers of the Delta Theta, do feel a deep sym-
pathy for him in this his sorrow; therefore,
be it

Resotvep,’ That we the Delta Theta fra-
ternity of Rutgers Preparatory School, do
hereby express our sympathy for him in his
bereavement, and be it further

Reso.vep, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to our brother, arid that they be pub-
lished in theArgo.

For the Fraternity,
S. Arthur Devan,
John H.- Voorhees,
J. Claude Thomson,

Committee.
a ey a

SLIPS AND CLIPs.

“In Malay the natives keep a record of time
in a remarkable manner: Floating in a bucket
filled with water they place a cocoanut shell
having a small perforation, through which
by slow degrees the water finds its way in-
side. This opening is so proportioned that it
takes just one hour for the shell to fill and
sink. Then a watchman cals out, the shell is
emptied and the operation is begun again.”

Dr. P—n. “Who was Ceres?”
C—n, “A kind of breakfast food.”

“At a church in Scotland where there was
a popular call for a minister, as it is termed,
two candidates offered to preach, whose
names were Adam and Low. The latter
preached in the morning and took for his
text, ‘Adam, where art thou?? He made a
very excellent discourse, and the congregation
were much edified. In the afternoon Mr. Ad-
am preached upon these words: “Lo, here
am I.’ The impromptu and the sermon gain-
ed him the appointment.”

W—t. (Writing on the board).

“Myrmidouns. A people fabled to have
sprung from aunts (ants).”

Dr. P—n. (When one of the “youngsters”
had committed an offence)—“Carrol, take a
THE ARGO.

stick to him! Myers! take a stick to him.”
(After 2 pause). ,“Carroll! Why don’t you
et after him with a stick?”
Carroll (tremulously).

,

cL ain’t got no
stick.” ae

“See there!” exclaimed a returned Irish
soldier to a gaping crowd, as he exhibited his
tall hat with a bullet hole in it. “Look at
that hole, will you? You see that if it had
been a-low-crowned hat, I should have been

kiled outright.”

“Two Irish immigrants just arrived, stood
one morming on the government landing
watching a dredger at work a few yards away.
Presently a diver, full-rigged, crawled pain-
fully from the channel slirse up a ladder to
the deck of the dredge.

One of the Irishment, very much surprised
turned to his companion and said: “Look at
that now! Look at him. ‘Begorra, if I’d
known the way over, I’d walked over too.”

Dr. P—n. “Where did Belshazzar hold his

feast ?”

S—t. “In Jerusalem, I think.”

Dr. P—n. “Who describes this feast?”

S—t. ‘John.”

Mc—n. (Translating). Patrios foedasti
funere voltus. “You have defiled the father’s
face with a funeral.”

S—t. “Menelaus was the wife of Agam-
ernnon.’

Dr. Payson enjoyed the privilege of eating
some juicy steaks of “mountain lamb,” while
in the Adirondacks this summer.

ANNEX NOTES.
The Story of the Birch Leaf.

During the summer little birch leaf lived
with her brothers and sisters on a tree in one
of the great northern forests.

The leaf played with the birds and the
sun and the wind and squirrels.

One day in the fall the little birch leaf saw
that all the other leaves had on beautiful col-

29

 

When Looking
For An Overcoat

Do not fail to visit our store and ask to see the
.ew coats we are now showing. Our line is
certainly complete and a more satisfactory
combination of comfort and style cannot be
imagined.

Prices from $30 down to $10.

Sweaters and Jerseys, plain or in the V
neck, all colors, $3.00 to $6.00.

 

Trenton Store,
7 S. Broad St.

Outfitters.
iv

ored dresses. She wished that Mother Na-
ture would give her too, a new dress.

The next morning when the little leaf awoke
she began to dance gaily in the wind for she
had on a beautiful yellow dress. After a
time Mr, Wind told her that he wanted to
take her with some other leaves on a long
journey.

Soon they were sailing away. At last they
grew tired and dropped down into a fence
corner where they slegt all winter.

SEABuRY COOK.

 

THE FIRST THANKSGIVING.

More than three hundred years ago a cruel
king ruled over England and made many laws
that the people did not like. One was that
every one must go to his church or go to pris-
on. Many people did not want to do this so
they went to Holland. They were happy there
for a while, but soon their children began to
speak the Dutch language. The parents did
not like this so they made up their minds to go
to America. Because these people were wand-
erers from their old homes they called them-
selves Pilgrims.

After a long, rough, ride in a little boat, called
the Mayflower, they landed on a rock called
Plymouth Rock.

It was some time before Christmas and the
weather was quite cold. The Pilgrims started
to build houses. These houses were very rough
and had many places where the wind could
come in. They did not have glass for the win-
dows, so they used paper dipped in oil. That
winter about half the Pilgrims died.

When spring came they planted corn on the
graves of the dead so that the Indians would
not know how many had died. In the autumn
when the Pilgrims took in their crops they
found that they had a bountiful harvest.

They thought that they would set apart a
day to thank God. So they invited many In-
dians to come and have-a great feast. The
feast lasted three days.

Ever since then we have kept Thanksgiving.

Grorce D. RoMErKE.

THE ARGO.

WALLS
SUITS

Are the standard for style and quality and his
establishment is the largest of its kind in Cen-
tral New Jersey.

Uniforms a specialty.

John P Wall,

115 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Long Distance Wire.

 

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School

NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.
Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years. in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy,
Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four
eos, requirements including Greek, the candidate recieves
he degree of A.
On the completion of the ‘ull four years’ requirements
in which Modern Languages and Science are substituied for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B. Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agricul-
ture and the Mechanic Art
n ths Department there are six full courses, each
leading to the first degree in science, B. Se.
Course in Agriculture.
A Course in Civil Engineering and Mechanics,
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.
A Course in ‘ lay Working and Ceramics.
Anda short course of two years in Ceramis which does
not Irad toa degree.
Use catalogues and other information, address IRVING
8S. UPSON, Registrar.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

> Serer
THE ARGO.

_ BISSET’S DRUG STORE

You will find us at 420 ee street after November tst.

 

We can supply you when in need of

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Powder, Soap, Combs, Brushes
: - Soda and Milk Shakes.

 

CHAS. TAMM,

Carries a complete stock of College and
“School Supplies, as well as for Home, Society
arid Business use.

5 Foote Boxing Gloves, Punching Rage:
Clubs.

 

BOOKSELLER AND STATIONER
376 George street.
Sporting Goods and Home Pastimes of every
description always in stock and to order at
shortest notice.

Jerseys and-Sweaters, Dumbells and Swinginz

McFadden’s Exercisers.

 

GO TO.

; ‘SEIFFERT BROS.,

- For Stationery, Books, Photo and
Sporting Goods.

50° Dennis. STREET.

LOUIS LEITHEISER,
Barber and Hair Dresser

117 Albany St,

New Brunswick, New Jersey.

 

 

RUTGERS STABLES.

23 to 29 Sean AVE.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station

68 and 70

Albany St.

When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK N. J
FOUNDED 1766.

INSTRUCTORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
’ ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master. ©
AUSTIN w. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M,, Military Drill.

MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, _ French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

MISS MARY GREGG, }tnstructor

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
