Uys LYELL yy

 

 
  
  

    
     

ae

 

 

 

 
    

  

 

 

| uidlilicusdisdildddddddasddddlgssgsysd dma)
A g
y PEBRUARY, 190 Z
Uy; a
j ]
Gh) \%
wy A
QE Eri vig

« RUTGERS * PREPARATORY - SCHOOL

 
THE

ARGO

 

Rutgers College.and Rutgers Scientific Schoo!

NEW BRUNSWICK,

cquueeeyaeensrsuceeecanusnecseagenersisene

NEW JERSEY.

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities for Eléctive Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French,
German, Wigher Mathematics, Astronomy,
Ilistory, Political Science, Philosophy,

Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Deparfment, on the completion of the full four
years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives
the degree of A.B.

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in

which Modern Languages and Science are substituted for
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture
and the Mechanic Arts.
In this Department there are eight full courses, each
leading to the first degree in Science, B.Sc.
1. A Course in Agriculture.
2. A Course in Ci
3- A Course in Ch
4 A Course in El
3. A Course in Biolo
6. A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.
A Course in Mechanical Engineering.
A Course in General Science.
Nad a short course of two years in Ceramics which does
not lead to a degree.
; and other information, address IRVING S.

i
-. S. DEMAREST, D.D., President.

 

aeinieeriag:

  
   

wus

 
 
   

UPSON, Regis
WH

 

d, HIEIDINGSFEED,

No. 42 Albany Street,

New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

 

=

 

B. U. TAPKEN, JEWELER—=

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.

111-1138 CHURCH ST.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

SUITS and JACKETS tni'Ghiaren's.

stecrot DRESS GOODS and SILKS

In all the latest weaves and colorings.

Pp. J. YOUNG Dry Goons @

CORNER OF GEORGE
e AND PATERSON STS.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco.
THE ARGO 57

PAUL F. WILLIAMS, p. HL SUYDAM, GROCER
384 George St. Everything the Best.

*Phone 877. ce Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

 

Established 76 years.

——STEWART & CLAYTON——

Young’s and Truly Warner Hats

Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

FOR

Young fen

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.

 

Basket-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

QO. O. STILLMAN, I. §. VAN DERVEER,
Jeweler and Optician.

DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. ‘5
SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER. Studio:

CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS. 55 G Wieck New B ick J
133 ALBANY STREET. 355 George Street, ew Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

Photographer,

 

 

 

Ss. ZIMMERMAN, E. VOLK ERF:
Barber. Merehant « Tailor,
_ Also Birds and Fishes. , 859 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco,

 
58 THE ARGO

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOKSTORE

 

TR. HBTS

 

School, Office and General Stationery Supplies of Every Description.

880 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

WILLIAM GAUB,

DEALER IN ALL KINDS OF

Meats >» Sausages

COR. EASTON AVE. and PROSPER ST.
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

 

To buy Clothing you must have confidence

in the firm you buy from. ‘Try here.

W. K, CRATBR,

96 Church Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

RANDOLPH
Foto-grater.

Studio, 319 -George St.

Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

*Phone 229-w.

Genuine Platinum Photographs.
Special Prices to Students.
College Snaps.

We Make a Special Little Picture.

CALL AND SEE US.

 

Rensselaer

gaof olytechnic®%,

““x,, Institute,
“~~ Troy, N.Y»

Local examinations provided for, Send for a catalogue.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.

 
Tah,

 

VoL. XX.

ARGO.

NEw Brunswick, N, J., Fepruary,

1909. No. 5.

 

 

 

THE KENTUCKY INN.

At a recent gathering of our most cele-
brated detectives a large number of stories
were told, all of which added to the renown
of the author, but the following told by Mr.
H— was of a different sort.

“As I picked up a paper,” he began, “and
glanced over it my eye settled on the follow-
ing paragraph :

“*Mr. S— of B—, Kentucky, attacked and
killed by a burglar.

“C—, Kentucky—Mr. S—, of this city,
died in the hospital of B— as a result of his
injuries, received while fighting a burglar.

“Before his death Mr. S— was able to tell
something about the attack. The following
is the story in his own words’:

“**T had with me a large sum of money
which I meant to deposit in the National Bank
at B—, but reached here after it was closed,
so I decided to stay over until next morning,
and accordingly took lodgings at the Kentucky
Inn. I put my bag of money under my bed
and a pistol under my pillow before retiring.
Some time during the night I awoke with the
sense of some unusual noise. It was a scrap-
ing sort of sound which came from under the
bed. Instantly I thought of the bag of money.
Snatching my pistol from under the pillow I
sat up. Suddenly a man of medium height,
white hair, and great strength, sprang upon
me and stabbed me. He grabbed the bag of

 

money and started for the window. I fired at
him and fell in a faint. Whether I hit him or
how he escaped I cannot tell.”

““The proprietor, who is of medium height,
has gray hair and is considered strong, has
suddenly disappeared. It is thought that he
is the culprit and the police are searching for
him.’ ”

“L was deeply distressed at the news of my
friend's death (for friend he was), and vowed
I would do my best as a detective to find the
guilty man. Accordingly I left for Kentucky
the next day. When I reached there I imme-
diately proceeded to the Kentucky Inn, which
was at the extreme end of B—, to take lodg-
ings there, but when I reached it I found the
shutters barred and a ‘For Sale’ sign on the
door. Although dilapidated looking, the
house appealed to me. It was built of wood,
was of a brown color, three stories high, sur-
rounded on all sides by a big porch, and on
either side were two large chimneys. It was
situated in about the center of an aore of land
which flourished in trees, and behind it was a
small stable.

“IT went back to town and took up lodgings
in the only hotel there. I learned that the
house had been abandoned since the time of
the murder, nearly two weeks ago. The ser-
vants had left the day after the crime, because
they claimed that in the night they heard a
groaning and would not stay in a haunted
place, so the son of the owner had closed up
the house and disappeared.

“The next morning I went to the police sta-
tion, but could learn nothing more about the
case except that the servants had said that
people had missed property before this. I was
more and more interested, and decided to buy
the house. But how could I, when no one
knew the whereabouts of the owner? I gave
the chief of police my address and begged
60 THE
him to let me know if the owner ever came
back. He promised to do so, and I went back
to my work in New York. For six months |
waited impatiently for a letter from C—, and
finally it came, saying that the owner of the
old Kentucky Inn was in town again, so I
wrote him offering to buy the house.

“In a couple of days I received an answer,
and the price of the house, which was very
reasonable. I sent a check for the stated
amount, receiving a receipt shortly afterward,
but as I was very busy I could not go to C—
for nearly a month.

“One day I found myself without any pos-
sible work and left for Kentucky to look at
my purchase. It looked the same as ever ex-
cept that the roof of the barn had fallen in.
I hired some carpenters to fix the place up
and the next day they opened up the house
and began work.

“At about noon I went over to see what
they were doing, and first went inside to in-
spect the house. The plans of all three floors
were alike. There were four large rooms on
the ground floor, two on either side of the
hall. I entered the one on my right, which
appeared to be a smoking room and office
combined. There was a big fireplace on one
side, and the rear part of the room was par-
titioned off for an office. I entered this ‘and
saw at my left a small room, or rather a large
closet, with several shelves, on which were a
number of china pitchers, used for carrying
water to the rooms, I supposed.

“IT then went into the hall and into the next
room. This was the writing room, there be-
ing a large table in the center and some writ-
ing paper lying scattered over its surface. A
large fireplace and closet were also here as in
the office, except that the closet was near the
wall containing the fireplace instead of next
to the hall.

“I crossed the hall into the dining room.
The closet there contained china on shelves
and a trap door of some sort was in the other
end of the wall. I raised it and looked into
a sort of pantry, and through the open door

 

ARGO

I could see the kitchen with its big old fash-
ioned stove, its large table, and its pots anq
pans scattered everywhere.

“T next went upstairs and found each room
like its neighbor ; that is, with a fireplace and
a large closet.

“On the third floor I went into the room
over the writing room. This was where my
friend had been attacked. The bed was so
placed that its head was against the hall wall
and its side against the closet wall, so that
the foot of the bed was about two feet from
the entrance to the closet.

“After a month’s work the place was all
fixed up, the house refurnished, and a garage
in place of the old barn. I had a library in
place of the writing room and a billiard room
replaced the office. I had half a dozen bed-
rooms at my disposal and always had some
one visiting me. /

“By my description of the house you will
see that there were no two rooms connected
by a door of any kind, and this greatly an-
noyed me, for when I had a large crowd half
of my guests were in the library and the other
half in the billiard room, and how could I as
host be in both rooms at once? The only
way was to connect the rooms by a doorway
and do away with the two large closets.

“Accordingly I got a couple of carpenters
to tear down the closets and connect the rooms
by means of a large door. They worked
quickly, and it was not very long before they
had all the plaster knocked off and the laths
ripped off; and soon the wall was pierced. I
went out of the room, intending to go to
town, when one of the carpenters ran out call-
ing after me. He seemed greatly excited and
I came running back and followed him into
the library. The wall was nearly all ripped
down and in the center I saw a hole instead
of the partition which I had supposed separ-
ated the closets. I stepped to the hole and
saw on either side a partition and opposite me
a ladder which ran up to the roof. I looked
down to ascertain its depth, and there I saw
a pile of money and something which made
me start—a skeleton.
THE

“You can hardly imagine my feelings! But
I was so interested that I started dragging out
the bones and money and soon had them
heaped on the library floor. I then went into
the hole and carefully examined the partitions.
I soon found buttons, which I pressed, and to
my delight found that they noiselessly opened
trap doors large enough to permit a person to
get through. I climbed the ladder to the sec-
ond floor and found similar trap doors there,
and also on the third floor.

“T then descended and examined my find.
The skull attracted me, there being a small
round hole in it; aregular bullet hole. I picked
it up and found the bullet inside. Of course,
you can all see that this was the proprietor,
the burglar, the murderer of my friend, and
the money his ill-gotten gains. He must have
found just enough strength to crawl to the
trap door on the second floor and then
dropped to the bottom in an unconscious state.
It must have been his groans which the ser-
vants had heard and ascribed to ghosts.

“T went into the dining room closet and
found a trap door there which led to a secret
passage similar to the first. In this way the
proprietor had been enabled to enter any room
in the house and cause reports of lost prop-
erty. I destroyed those secret places before
I left the house and had all my roms con-
nected.”

LINCOLN EXERCISES AT THE ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL.

At ten o'clock Thursday morning about
sixty or seventy guests gathered at the ele-
mentary School to see the program given by
the children as their part in the great Lin-
coln Centenary Celebration.

As Miss Pearsons said in her welcoming
words the audience was not to expect a fin-
ished production of any sort but merely the
children’s own expression of their ideas of
the life and character of Lincoln as they had
understood them from their reading in school

ARGO 61

during the past week. The program began
with stories of Lincoln’s boyhood, each told
by a different child, and always in that child’s
own words, just as he could best express him-
self. Many of the incidents were told to
point out different characteristics of Lincoln,
such as his love of study and fondness for
books, his honesty and manliness, his kind-
heartedness. These incidents were then en=
acted by other children with a reality and
force that delighted the audience. A day of
Lincoln’s life while in the White House was
then given, showing Lincoln in the midst of
his problems of war and state, giving kind
and thoughtful attentions to each applicant.
The essential characteristic of the scenes was
the natural and free expression of the child,
showing entire absence of any of the drilled
artificialities which often characterize such
performances. Dramatic force, instead of
being lost by the omission of such drilling,
was increased to a’ remarkable degree, through
the genuineness of thought and feeling of the
child. The idea was there actually present
in the child’s mind, and he sent it forth after
the dictates of his own intelligence. It was
this spontaneity throughout the entire pro-
gram that the spectators noticed as valuable
“cut-and-dried” learning that gives strength
and developement to a child’s mind, but this
very practice of self-expression which must
have actual thinking behind it.

After the program the guests were invited
to visit the different rooms and see the work
done by the children. The rooms cheery and
flooded with sunshine, were very interesting
in their display, especially along the lines of
art and industrial work. The first grade
had expressed their thoughts of Lincoln by
drawings of him as a_ boy stretched on the
floor before the fire-place, reading his
“Life of Washington.” In some such way
each grade had contributed towards actual
portrayal. In the second grade an Es-
kimo village in process of construction was

 
62

very interesting, showing the house itself
against a background of ice-bergs, with Es-
kimos about it and seals on the ice in the fore-
ground, Calendars with clever designs and
drawings were displayed in the early grades
and the exhibition of weaving in the form of
colored: raffia mats was very attractive. Hand-
work appeared in the upper grades in the
.form of basketing, drawing, and wel) con-
structed maps.

The children assisted the teachers in ser-
ving chocolate, coffee, and! cakes to the visit-
ors, so that the entertainment ended with a

graceful touch of a social nature.
A VIsITOR.

AN UNCOMFORTABLE SITUATION.

Mr. Matthews pushed his chair from the

‘table and arose, “I am sorry, Minnie,” said
he, addressing his wife, “but I must go away
to-day and will not be back until to-morrow
night at about twelve.” With these words he
kissed his wife and: children and left.

The néxt day Mrs. Matthews received a
letter from her husband saying that he wouid
be back at half-past ten instead of twelve.

After supper the mother followed her chil-
dren! and the nurse up to the nursery where
the: little tots were put to bed. Julie, the
nurse, seemed to be restless, and she contin-
ually glanced upon the floor. This caused her
mistress to follow the girl’s gaze, and she saw
a man’s foot under the bed. She suspected
the nurse was.an accomplice and was assured
when: Julie asked, “Is my master coming home
to-night?”

What should this lady, alone in the house
with two’ criminals (the ma under the bed
and the nurse) and her children, answer.
But she showed no sign of fear and said,
“No, your master will not be home until din-
ner-time to-morrow. You need not remain
here: but go down stairs, and if anyone rings
let them in and call-me. I am not tired and
will remain here and write some letters.”

 

THE ARGO

After Julie had gone her mistress seateq
herself and read until nine o'clock. The sus-
pense was almost unbearable, so she laid aside
her book and wrote. Tick, tick, tick went the
clock. It grated on the poor woman’s neryes
so that after writing half an hour she gaye
it up and seated herself before the piano and
began to play softly and to sing. Ten struck.
Then this brave woman began to play and to
sing louder. Just as half-past ten struck she
thought she heard a footstep without. That
step must not be heard so she banged and
played with all her might. She could hear
her husband quickly ascending the stairs and
approach the nursery. As he opened the
door his wife stopped playing and greeted
him, but as if she were surprised.

He was about to say something when she
put her finger upon his lips to silence him,
and said, “I have been writing invitations to
a number of people for a tea I propose hay-
ing. Do you think this list of guests is all
right?” With these words she went to the
desk and brought him a sheet of paper with
the following words written on it: “Do not
be alarmed or show any signs at what you are
about to read.” Then came the following
sentence: “There is a man under the bed; you
can easily see his foot.” After reading this
startling announcement he said, “I think you
should be complimented on your list of
guests.”

But how could this man be captured? Mr.
Matthews went into the closet and from
the array of toys and stuff he pulled out
an old hammock. Suddenly grabbing the
foot of the man under the bed he tied it and
dragged the thief from under the bed and
overpowered him.

Then the police were summoned by tele-
phone. A half hour later the door bell rang
and Julie, who had heard nothing, opened the
door. She was immediately arrested as an
accomplice and her friend was also marched
off to jail.
THE ARGO

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, AN INSPIRA-
TION TO AMERICAN STUDENTS.
It has been said of Lincoln that “he never

finished his education,” and this is true, for

he was always , “a learner, an inquirer, a

searcher after knowledge,” and he got this ed--

ucation under difficulties and discouragements
which we would think almost impossible of
surmounting. Few of us who live in this day
of’ opportunity can realize the difficulties
Lincoln had to contend against. We, who
have comfortable homes, plenty of books, good
schools, and willing teachers, find it hard to
conceive of the lack of opportunity afforded
Lincoln who lived in a small cabin with a dirt
floor, had only such books as he could borrow
from kind friends, only had a-year of the most
elementary schooling, and had no one to whom
he could apply for aid in helping him under-
stand his studies.

Lincoln’s entire early life until after he had
reached his majority was one of discourage-
ment. His mother who, though herself unedu-
cated, had tried to kindle a spark of ambition
in him, died in his childhood. His father re-
garded education as a waste of time, and so
tried to discourage his son. The town in
which Lincoln lived was completely secluded
from the world, and therefore offered him no
opportunity. Lincoln however made his op-
portunities, and we find this characteristic
showing itself throughout his life. For in-
stance, he made himself liked by the neigh-
bors because of his willingness to do their
odd jobs, and this opened the way for him to
borrow their books.

Many of us suppose that Lincoln was a
bright, quick, brilliant, student. We read his
speeches, and debates and are undoubtedy
justified in this conclusion. But this was not
the case. On the contrary to the end of his
life he was slow in understanding anything.
However, when he once did understand a
thing it was so fixed in his mind that nothing
could root it out. This slowness was to a
great extent due to lack of guidance and proper
facilities in his studying. Lincoln also found

63

studying a very tedious, hard and dry task.
Like many of us he often tried to find short
cuts and easy ways of getting his work. He
had, however, the good sense to realize his
mistake in this, and the necessity of being
thorough.

Such being the case, how can we explain
his wonderful skill in argumentation. From
the first he always sought the real issue, and
concentrating all his argument on this let the
immaterial issues go. He always looked on
all sides of a question, and only took such a
stand as he truly believed in. This habit of
looking at a question on all sides enabled him
to become acquainted with his opponent’s
points and to turn them to his own advantage.
He always kept from exaggeration or untruth,
and therefore people soon came to rely on
his statements. Thus we see that this power
in debating did not spring up in spite of his
lack of opportunity, but on the contrary be-
cause of it. That is, because he was forced to
work so hard in order to understand a thing
this habit became fixed and it was this which
enabled him to form such a clear idea of any
question.

But what do all these facts show? How
are they an inspiration to us? They show,
as Frederic Trevor Hill said in a recent ar-
ticle, that “Lincoln was not an_ intellectual
giant or a learned man” and on this account
the “legacy of his triumph may be shared by
every generous heart.” If we are inclined to
let this or that task go, think of Lincoln who
against his natural inclination conquered the
hardest tasks. If we think the opportunities
are few and not worth seizing, think of Lincoln
with almost no opportunities. If we are not
successful at present, think of Lincoln whose
early life was one full of discouragements.
If Lincoln with so few opportunities could
make of himself what he did, we with our
many opportunities can at least become good,
educated citizens. Let us make Lincoln our
ideal, and we are bound to become better men,
faithful in the little things, then ready for the
great things. Joun H. Jounson.

 
64 THE ARGO

 

 

THE ARGO.

Published Monthly During the School Year,

BY THE

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

 

 

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
; Second Class Matter.

 

 

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:

H. F. Smiru, ’o9, Editor-in-Chief.
C. V. S. Knox, ’o9, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
A. A. Prentiss, ’09, Alumni Notes.

J. H. Jounson, ’o9,
J. R. Reeves, ’09, : ‘
R. W. IREvELt, ’09, Literary Editors.
J. E. Evmenporr, ’10,

R. W. Turner, ’09,

M. Ross, ’09, News.

F. H. Low, ’o9,

R. W. Searte, ’10, Exchanges.

Avan Concer, Annex.
SEARLE, 09,

R. B.
R. T. B. Topp, ’1o,

{ Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accom-
panied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

MAIN FEATURES

Of the Proposed Project for Centralizing the
Management of our Various School Or-
ganizations and Activities.

In place of the many associations and or-
ganizations of the school, each pulling and
hauling for membership dues, and issuing
numberless appeals and exhortations for help
and support, it is proposed (1) that all of these
interests be centralized under one manage-
ment; (2) that each approved activity of the
school, like base-ball, foot-ball, basket-ball,
hockey, track athletics, gun club, swimming
club, The Argo, etc, maintain its own identity,
have its own membership, but that it draw its
support from a,common treasury, no dues of
any sort being charged; (3) that this treas-
ury be maintained by a certain specified
amount to be charged in each term bill just as
are laboratory fees and other extras, and by
all gate receipts and moneys received by en-
tertainments; (4) that every student by vir-
tue of attendance be a member of this central-
ized organization and entitled to a vote in its
management; (5) that every student be en-
titled to free admission to all games and en-
tertainments.

Of course the scheme carries with it a large
measure of self-government, or of student par-
ticipation in the management of the school.
The plan which is given below is necessarily
tentative and will need considerable revision
and amending before it reaches a satisfactory
condition, but this is to be expected wherever
pioneering work is being done, and there is
no doubt that the discussion and debating and °
planning which will be an essential part of
this project will prove of immense value to
us all and will result in a splendid increase of
school spirit and patriotic sentiment.

Outtine Supmirrep By THE CoMMITTEE.

Officers.
President, a senior elected by the student body.
Vice President, appointed by the Council.
THE ARGO

Secretary, 4 senior or junior elected by the
student body. .
Treasurer, a member of the faculty appointed

by the Headmaster.
Council : i
6 Seniors.
4 Juniors.
2 Second year men.
' g First year men.
Note.—It has been suggested
these be elected as follows:
In September of each year:
4 Seniors for one year.
2 Juniors for one year.
2 First year men for one semester,
In February of each year:
2 Seniors for one semester.
2 Juniors for one year.
2 Second year men for one year.
2 First year men for one year.

that

This plan provides for a semi-annual addi-
tion of new members to the Council, but al-
ways leaves in the Council a number of ex-
perienced men.

The Council members of each class to be
elected by the class itself and not by general
election.

The officers to have the duties usually per-
taining to their respective positions. Treas-
urer to be a non-voting member of the Coun-
cil.

Council.

To legislate on all matters pertaining to
student activities (within the limits set by the
charter given by the faculty).

To appoint committees, such as Finance, So-
cial, Health, etc.

To determine dates and method of holding
primaries and elections.

(Note.—List of nominees to be submitted

to the faculty to see if standings are O. K.)
Subordinate Organizations.

The several interests of the school, Liter-
ary, Athletic, Music, etc., to be represented by
the usual officers, including business manager,

65

and to be governed

: ach by its own stitu-
tion. y constitu

Relation to Council —All of these
tions to present, on a date specified by Coun-
cil, an itemized estimate, or budget, based on
Preceding Season’s experience (itemized), re-
questing an appropriation from the Council of
a specified amount for the coming season’s
expenses ; these budgets to be turned over to
Finance Committee for investigation and rec-
ommendation; the Council to act on recom-
mendation ; in case of approved budgets, requi-
sitions to be made on treasury by the respec-
tive business managers, as needs arise; Treas-

urer to make checks for approved amounts
Payable to Headmaster.

organiza-

Finances.
Income.—A certain amount to be determ-
ined hereafter, to be included in term bills.

Sinking Fund—A certain per cent. of the
money available for student organizations,
held in reserve, to be drawn on according to
the will of the Council acting in harmony with
Treasurer and Headmaster.

This fund is to be fed by a certain per cent.
of gate moneys.

Gate Receipts—Receipts of all games and
entertainments of organizations supported by
the school to be turned over to the Council
(? Treasurer),

A certain per cent. shall be devoted to sink-
ing fund; a certain per cent. shall be turned
over to the Social Committee, to be used in
providing a reception in honor of each team
whose season has ended.

Y. M. C. A—An extremely gratifying feat-
ure of our school is the interest that is being
awakened in Christian channels. The boys
seem to feel the need of some central influence,
controlled by themselves, for the inculcation of
Christian principles. This feeling is finding
expression in numerous requests for a Young
Men’s Christian Association. This is a cause
for great satisfaction, as it indicates that the
minds of our school boys are taking a trend in
the right direction.
66

To what may we ascribe this awakening, if
The answer is obvious :

so it may be called? s
y meetings,

In a large measure to the Sunda
conducted by the Headmaster, which are prov-
ing so markedly successful. These meetings
have aroused the students to a realization of
the importance and place of Sunday and. to the
unlimited field which it offers for work. They
have caused the students to look forward to
Sunday with keen anticipation, and not, as 1S
often the case, with dread. Sunday is what
one makes it. It can be made uninteresting
and tiresome, or it. can be made the most pleas-
urable day in the week. Surely our Sunday
meetings carry with them the latter impres-
sion. :

There are various reasons why Rutgers Pre-
paratory School can and should support a
Young Men’s Christian Association. This ar-
ticle does not purpose to enter into such a dis-
cussion. We wish, however, to quote the fol-
lowing from President Roosevelt :

“One of the reasons why I have so strong a
feeling for the Young Men’s Christian Asso-
ciation is because of my firm belief that the
proper way to keep anybody out of mischief is
to give him, when he hasn’t work, something
to do that is not mischief. To ask a person to
be good and at the same time to provide him
nothing except the means with which to be
bad, is apt to be a wasting of good advice.
The Young Men’s Christian Association and
Kindred institutions offer to the young men of
the country the chance, while leading decent
lives, to have healthy amusement, to benefit
themselves in mind and body, and to enjoy the
pleasures that add to, instead of taking away
from, good character.”

Gun Ciusn—On Friday, January twenty-
ninth, Dr. Scudder read a notice to the school
concerning the annual interscholastic rifle team
meet of the Public Schools Athletic League
held at: Madison Square Garden from Febru-
ary 26 to March 6 inclusive.

Immediately the question arose, “Why can-
not Rutgers Preparatory School send a good

THE ARGO

team to represent the school and to compete
for the trophies?” At a meeting of the
Athletic Association, on the next day, a com-
mittee consisting of Folensbee (chairman),
Blanchard and Low were appointed to con-
sider the question of forming a Gun Club, and
on the following Tuesday a meeting of all
the fellows interested in the movement, about
thirty in number, was held at the Trap. At
this meeting the proposition was thoroughly
discussed, and it was finally decided that the
chairman, in consultation with two other off-
cers, should form a constitution. The consti-
tution has been made and now awaits the sig-
natures of the students.

In the meantime two successful days of
practice have been held on the 60-ft.. range of
the college gymnasium. Some fine marksmen
have appeared, especially Watson, Low and
R. Voorhees. —B. J. F. ’o9.

 

Dues AND Term BiLts.—A movement has
recently been started, which will result, it is
hoped, in the placing of all dues on the term
bills. Two committees have been appointed, .
one to consider the forming of some central
organization for the purpose of receiving and
distributing all money which is used for ath-
letics, clubs, etc.; the other to find an accept-
able method of bringing the matter of dues be-
fore the parents, and of obtaining their con-
sent to the placing of these dues on the term
bills.

We fully believe that dues should be placed
on the term bills. In the first place, this prac-
tice is supported by precedent. Without
speaking of the colleges, who all more or less
have this practice, we will confine ourselves
to preparatory schools such as our own. The
committee which looked into this question
found that a great number of these schools
either required a deposit running as high as
twenty-five dollars, which was to be paid at
the beginning of the year, or else resorted to
the practice which we favor, of having a cer-
tain amount added to each term bill. Law-
renceville, Newark Academy, Colgate, and
THE
Worcester Polytechnic may be named as ex-

amples. .
We believe that the parents will fing this

system of paying all dues in lump sums much
better than the former practice, Instead of
having a constant demand on their pocket-
pook for dues, there will only be a certain
stated amount to be paid at stated intervals,
and moreover they will know exactly where
their money goes.

The purpose of this system is to abolish so
many and so frequent demands for money,
and to establish a fixed fund which the inter-
ests of the school may count upon. As we
have said before, a committee is considering
the best way of handling this money, and if
their report is satisfactory we will be in a po-
sition to make the parents acquainted with the
main features of the plan, and to solicit their
approval and co-operation in putting this sys-
tem into operation.

Tue Trap.—What is to become of the
“Trap”? Not that there is no longer need
of it, but the “Rats” are becoming so numer-
ous that something more adequate than a
“trap” is demanded to house them. Natur-
ally, then, as we talk about the proposed new
building, we like also to wonder about the
future of the old. ;

There are, of course, many possibilities.
Naturally, too, there is the dread on the part
of those who have homes nearby of the en-
croachment of undesirable, or at least unpleas-
ant industrial neighbors. Among other possi-
bilities it has been suggested that nothing bet-
ter or more profitable could be done with the
present property than to make it a social cen-
ter for the expression of a practical kind of
Christianity, such as the settlement house with
all its inspiration for right living offers.

Such an institution would meet a real need
in New Brunswick; and where could there be
found ready a better place, for the housing
of the work, and the providing of public play-
grounds than here offered? The suggestion
is worth while thinking of at any rate, as we

ARG
. a7

hear more

about the result
y . sults of the settle
work in otf he settlement

ler cities, and w
Stowth and good effect o
that are being est
country,

atch the increasing
f the playgrounds
ablished throughout the

ee

CiHtess— Several fellows in school are play-
g chess among themselves and think that
maybe others were interested in the game. If
this is so, and if they wish to join a contem-
plated chess club, all they need do is hand
their names to John S. Voorhees. Members
will meet one afternoon: a week, at which time
checkers as well as chess will be played. The

time and place of meeting will be decided
upon later,

in

Ss

PLay.—There has been considerable dis-
cussion regarding a play by the pupils of the
school. There are many good reasons why
one should be given. In the first place, it
would give the participants a good time and
the audience a good laugh. In this way it
Would produce a good feeling among the fel-
lows and thereby promote the welfare of the
school. In the ‘second place, the proceeds
would fill out the treasuries of the Athletic
Association and the Arco, an action which
would not be repulsed by either of these con-
cerns. In the third place, it would give an
opportunity to see the future Jeffersons. and
Mansfields. Thus the people of New Bruns-
wick and the surrounding neighborhood would
be greatly elevated. Of course there are some
drawbacks. One objector says it will take too
much time. From what we see.of that ob-
jector and others of his class we have con-
cluded that the one great duty of time to them
is a period in which they may loaf. Another
says, Where are the costumes coming from?
Never mind the costumes. When the mem-
orable night comes, with the play, then, lo, the
audience will gasp with wonder as the cos-
tumes of the actors. In conclusion let us say
that we think a play would be most beneficial
to the school.
68 THE ARGO

 

Mr. S-h (in French): “What tense is that
verb?”
C-r-l—“Future conditional.”

R-s (in geometry): “A line interrupted by
the third side.” wal?

Mr. C-k (in geometry) : “What is IL?”
S-p-w (half asleep) : “Never had it.”

Mr. L-s (rubbing a piece or chalk on R.
W. Searle’s head): “Subdue the mirth. I’m
not marking on anything.”

Mr. S-d-r: “You would be as unlovely as

a skeleton without flesh or bones.”

S-m-e (when skating): “Is that a hole in
the water?”

Mr. S-d-r (explaining glacier): “As the
water melts.”

P-t-s (in English) : “What war did major
premise fight in?”

Mr. S-d-r: “Which ministers,”
Z-g-r: “Church ministers.”

Mr. F-r (while J-h-n is arguing in Eng-
lish) ; “You boys, follow this discussion, It
won’t hurt you any more than it will me.”

We all wish to congratulate Arthur Arnold
Prentiss on his lovely hair cut.

T-n-r (in English): “The Subway Tavern
is a place for gentlemen boozers.” (Laugh-
ter.)

Prof. F-h-r: “Don’t laugh; I’m perfectly
familiar with that word.”

All seem glad exams. are over, but just
think of the number who are anxious for re-

exams.

Did “Blondy” ever go to Passaic H. S.? [fg
so we must keep shy of him.

Teacher ; “Now, children, I read to you yes-
terday from Greek Mythology, and you re-
member I told you about Achilles. Is there
any one who will give me just one fact about
Achilles? (Jimmy holds up his hand);
All right, Jimmy, tell us one fact about
Achilles ?”

Jimmy: “His mother dipped him in the
River Stinks and after that he was impossible.”
—Philistine.

‘HUMOR IN ADVERTISING.

For sale—Baby carriage slightly used. Go-
ing out of business.

Just received, a fine lot of Ostend rabbits.
Persons purchasing will be skinned and
cleaned while they wait.

No person having once tried one of our cof-
fins will ever use any other.

Wanted—A ‘furnished room for a single
gentleman looking both ways and well ven-
tilated.

Wanted—A good girl to cook, and one who
will make a good roast or broil and will stew
well.

Wanted—A young man to take care of a
pair of mules of a Christian disposition.

Wanted—A laborer and a boy; with gra-
zing for two goats; both Protestants.

Wanted—A competent person to under-
take the sale of a new medicine that will prove
highly lucrative to the undertaker.

Wanted—A boy to open oysters fifteen
years old.
THE

Lost—Near Tipperary, on or about Tuesday
morning last, a large pig. Had no marks on
his ears except a short tail, and a slight limp
in one leg.

personal—If this should meet the eye of
Lewis J- Smith, and he will send present ad-
dress to old home, he will hear something to
his advantage. His wife is dead.

Personal—Edward Jones has opened a
shoe store on Front street. Mr. Jones guar-
antees that any one can have a fit in his store,

—o—

The artist should be able to “draw” his own

conclusions.

The incubator is the “unnatural mother” of
the chicks.

Anybody can “raise objections,” but the
crop is not marketable.

The one-legged man has a “lame excuse”
for begging.

Prof. Low and Dr. Willard amputated and
boiled a cat (after killing it) and are now
constructing a skeleton out of the bones.
(The stew was not wasted, it being a welcome
delicacy at the Trap and enjoyed by every-
one.)

To NOTICE!

Tue Arco board offers a prize of five dol-
lars for the best story handed in to the prize
committee before March first.

Write any number of stories of at least six
hundred words each, but do not sign your
name, Write your name on a slip of paper,
place it in an envelope, seal it, and write the
title of your story on the envelope and hand
it with the story to the committee. The com-
mittee is composed of Mr. Mulford, Mr.
Fisher and Mr. Schaeffer.

On Monday, the first of March, the title of
the best story will be read and the envelope
bearing that title will be opened. If your
name is not in that envelope it is your fault,
not ours. You have an equal chance to win
the prize as the members of THE Arco board
do not compete.

 

On Saturday, the 16th of January, the Rut-

gers Prep basket-ball team played its first
game, defeating the strong Holy Cross team
of Plainfield in a fast, clean game, by the
score of 29-11. The result was a great sur-
Prise to all, as the team was thought to be
rather poor and Holy Cross had defeated
Plainfield High 21-9 the week before. But
Captain Todd and his team played a fast and
consistent game from start to finish, and Rut-
gers Prep. may look forward to one of the
best basket-ball seasons ‘she has yet had.
Much praise is due to the Holy Cross team
for coming from Plainfield in the driving
blizzard, and the members of our school wish
to show their appreciation of their action. The
game was very clean, but two fouls being
called.
_ Captain Todd scored the first basket and the
team never lost the lead. A basket from the
middle of the floor by Prentiss was the feat-
ure of the game. Good team work prevailed
throughout. Score at end of first half 21-6.

In the second half Holy Cross came back
with a rush and ran their score to eleven be-
fore Prep. scored. Then the school’s team
work broke down the Plainfield boys defense
and the half ended 29-11.

For Prep. Captain Todd and Morrisen
played the best games, while Coile shone for
Holy Cross.

The line-up was as follows:

Rutgers Prep. Holy Cross.
Prentiss . oss 0.%. Btls, cepesecesdsee ene Briscol.
White, Searle..... Ls Bop yatinsccctarese Harriman.
Morrison .........- Ciiak eres Miller (capt.)
Elmendorf .......- Des G ge hajaysieres aves: ahe-0 Vail.
Todd (capt.)...-.- 1s te ass asieeeenslona Coile.

 
20 THE ARGO

Baskets—Todd 5, Prentiss 4, Coile 1, White
3, Elmendorf 2, Briscol 1, Vail 3.

Referee—Best. Timer—Reeves ‘og. Time
of Halves—r5 and 15.

—o—

RUTGERS PREP. VS. PASSAIC HIGH.

On January 23d the fast team of Passaic
High School defeated the basket-ball team of
Rutgers Prep. by a score of 20 to 61.

Although the team work and shooting of
P. H. S. were excellent we were sorry to see
that their fouling was the most noticeable
feature of the game. In fact, their captain
was disqualified but would not leave the game.

The Preps. started off with two baskets
before the Passaic team woke up, but as soon
as they did awake they showed their superior-
ity -in-team work, shooting and fouling. To-
ward ‘the end of the second half, having a
score of sixty, they simply passed the ball
among themselves, a trick that we-consider to
be-most ungentlemanly. Morrison played the
star game for us.

The line-up was as follows:

Rutgers Prep. P. H. S.
PR MCMEOTE vas essicone BY coco pdawiewiereie Hickey.
Prentsss i. Siestakieen « AS ls sacaretenelaner veo Mahoney.
Wooded: asin sewan Gy avin dentitetenys Young.
Reeves, T. Voorhees. g. .......-- Goldstein.
Mortison .........- Gi wnietecs as wees Slaff.

Umpire—Van Keuren. Timekeeper—Zieg-
ler.
Ene)

RESOLUTIONS.

Whereas, Almighty God has -called from ‘this
world our beloved comrade, Newton Smith ;
be it
Resolved, That we, the members of THE

Arco Board of Rutgers Prep. School, do

hereby express our most sincere sympathy to

his family in their bereavement; and be it
further
Resolved, That these resolutions be publish-
ed in THE Arco and a copy sent to his family.
H. F. Smiru.
Raymond Bovey SEARLE,
F. H, Low.
ae)

 

Sunnyside (2), Valkyrie, Hackettstonian,
Register, Chestnut Burr, Superlative, Com-
merce Caravel, Vox Studentis, Trident News,
Advocate, Caraval, Echo, Polytechnic, Vail
Deane Budget, Briar Cliff Spectator, Targum
(2), Tattler, Acta Diurna, M. A. S. Monthly
(2), Poly Prep, H.S. Recorder, Mirror (West
Hoboken H. S.), Spectator, High School
Voice, Erasmian, Parrot, Tealonian, West
Jersey Academian, Mirror (‘Moravian Sem.).

The cover design on the (W. H. H. S.)
Mirror is very artistic.

We are delighted to see the Tattler so large.

“The Newkirk Mystery” in the Briar Cliff
Spectator, a new exchange, is a very clever
story.

You might ‘broaden your exchange column,
Echo.

Advocate, some more cuts would make you
a better paper.

The -Caravel improves with every issue.
We all enjoy reading ‘it.

We consider the Chestnut Burr to be an ex-
ceedingly interesting literary paper.

We suggest some school-notes, East Orange,
otherwise your paper is ‘fine.

You are improving, M. ‘A. S. Monthly, but
you need an exchange: column.

We are very glad to receive the Hacketts-
tonian.

Your new cover improves your looks, Vox
Studentis.

Valkyrie, we wish to have one good story
and. not a lot of poor ones. A -story can be
read in any publication, but sound, helpful
editorials can not. A more generous supply
THE

ge would not injure your paper. Leave
¢ gossiys foolish school notes and put
ing reasonable in their place.

glad to add the Superlative to our
a very neat paper, coming

of tho
out th
gometh

We are
exchange column,

Oregon. :
ei Vail Deane Budget might drop out

me of its stories and put in some more edi-
a and school notes.
" Ve consider the Acta Diura as one of our
rize exchanges. A design or cut for the
"over would help to make it more attractive.
ee Register contains a very commendable

editorial column. | |
The Sunnyside contains an interesting serial

story: a
; Onn of our best exchanges for this month
is the Recorder, a well proportioned and well
sotten up paper.

ce The Spectator has made an agreeable
change in its cover.

Mirror (Moravian Seminary), we appre-
ciate your paper very much, but would not
some humor brighten you up.

The Erasmian is a very fine, instructive
paper. We wish that all of our exchanges
were as good as it is.

Tealonian, we are glad to have you come
to us.

Another new paper, the Parrot, would be
aided by some cuts.

Voice, what is in you is fine, but can't you
grow? ‘

The Poly Prep is up to its customary g00
standing.

WHAT OTHERS THINK OF US.

Personals are lacking, -as is also the ex-
change column.—V alkyrie.

There is a decided improvement in THE
Arco cover. The story, “A Remarkable
Dream,” is realistic. Why is it not signed?
It certainly does credit to the author.—M1r-
ror.

(The editor acknowledges his fault. It was
written by R. W. Iredell.)

ARGO

71

The ARCO contain

Against cigarette sn

the boys Visit the lj
—Erasmian,

THE | i
im ‘Sa paper that would-be con-
beh vy proved upon and brightened up
Y the insertion of a few jokes—Tattler,

\ ;
io advise a few more stories—Advu-aty,
€w more stories wou

more interesting, Argo.:
you have is very good.

$a good strong editorial
noking, We suggest that
brary and-read this article.

Id make your paper
The one story that

—Valkyrie.
PB; W:
~ Papa as about to a ly th ; Pp.
“Father,” ‘Pply le strap.

said Willie, firmly, “unless that in-
esl has been properly sterilized I desire
7 Protest.” This gave the old man pause.

Moreover,” continued Willie, “the germs that
might be released by the violent impact of
leather Upon a porous textile fabric, but lately
exposed to the dust of the streets, would be
apt to affect you deleteriously.” As the strap
fell from a nerveless hand Willie eloped.

A village schoolmaster called on John Smith
to read his composition on “George Washing-
ton and his Deeds.” John failed, and the old
schoolmaster was very angry at him, and said:
“John, I am ashamed of you! Why, when
George Washington was your age he was a
surveyor.”

John turned around and said, “I know he
was, and when he was your age he was Pres-
ident of the United States.”

Senior: “Where did you get the cat, Wil-
lard?” ‘

Bright Freshman: “He caught it in the
Trap, of course.”

The school now owns a stereopticon which
will make certain studies much more interest-
ing when lantern slides are shown.

We hear rumors of the second basket-ball
team licking the first. We have especially
noted the fine playing of Bobey Searle
and feel certain that if there were six instead
of five on a basket-ball team Bovey would
surely get a game.
12
A Full Line of Fancy Box Goods and Home-
Made Candies may be found at

BRUNS

*Phone 310-J. 71 CHURCH ST.

Caterers.

SCHUSSLER’S, Ses:

Parties, Dinners and Receptions served in
the best manner.

BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100.

 

GO TO

ARCHER'S

For Good Shoes.
17 PEACE STREET.

 

The Landsberg Store,

1, 2, 3 and 4 KING BLOCK.

MEN'S FURNISHINGS.

THE ARGO

JOHN P. WALL
High Grade Tailoring

 

 

 

  
  
 

WW5
Church St

New Brunswick,
N. J.

Special
Discount

to Students

 

 

 

    

Raincoats, :

 

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are

JACOB REED'S SONS.

studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits,
Fall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters.

$12 to $40

$15 to $35

JACOB REED’S SONS,
1424-1426 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

 

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE ARGO.
THE ‘ARGO

Bissett’s Drug Store

420 George Street.

 

WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WHEN IN NEED OF

Drugs, Medicines, Tooth Brushes, Tooth Pow-

der, Soap, Combs, Brushes,
Soda and Milk Shakes

 

Go to
HARVEY IREDELL, D.D.S. ° pp
Church St., Cor. Neilson. Seiffert Bros.
National Bank of New Jersey Building. For Stationery, Books, Photo and Sporting
Anesthetics Administered. Goods.

50 DENNIS STREET, New Brunswick, N. J.

RUTGERS STABLES, 23 to 29 Easton Ave.

 

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station,
°68 and 70 Albany Street.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THe Arco.
THE ARGO

“The Boys ENJOY THEIR SCHOOL HOME,
INTHIS DORMITORY TIS ALSO THE Hero’ fast BAS
RESIDENCE, AND MOST OF THE FACULTY

LIVE.HERE,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL for BOYS
143d Year

A high grade college fitting school, closely associated with fine old Rutgers College, and therefore
enjoying unusual advantages.

THERE ARE TWO SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND A DORMITORY.

Also a strong faculty of professionally trained teachers. Comfortable school home under the im-
mediate supervision of the headmaster. Excellent table.
Interesting social and athletic life. Coaches for track, foot-ball and base-ball. Military drill.

THERE IS A GOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AS WELL AS HIGHER SCHOOL.

In the Elementary School girls as well as boys are received. Boys of all ages received in either
school at any time, either as day pupils or boarders.

EXPENSES.—4t the House.—The regular terms at the House are $450 a year, a few rooms being
rated at $400. Boys have individual beds. Rooms are heated by steam. Day Pupils—For day pupils
the following rates, per quarter, have been adopted: Primary Peper enee, each grade $9.00. Intermedi-
ate Department.—Fourth and Fifth Grades, $12.00; Sixth and Seventh Grades, $15.00. Academic De-
partment.—First Form, $16.00; Second Form, $18.00; Third Form, $20.00; Fourth Form, $24.00.

These schools are easily accessible from all directions. Only one hour from New York. Parents
naturally want to patronize an easily accessible school, for in case of illness or accident or other emerg-
ency the son is in quick touch with the home. Send for Year Book and Souvenir Circular.

Address, MYRON T. SCUDDER, Headmaster, Hamilton St., New Brunswick, N. J.

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THe ARco.

 
