 

 

Vid, dude

“YY

RASA

= Y
Y
L

U abildinibdiiisslel dd ddddis Lite icc)

~~ APRIL, 1909 ————

Pee ee

E SS =

LMWH EL ZEEE ECLEAEAAZQAQZEEEEEEZKZEZZEZZE EXXZEXc

« RUTGERS * PREPARATORY « SCHOOL

\

COS SE
SS

NS

Z

x

 
THE ARGO

Rutgers College and Rutgers Scientific Schoot

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY,

 

The Classical Department is Broad and Thorough

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT

unusual facilities for Elective Courses throughout the : : ;
is the New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agriculture

Junior and Senior years, in Latin, Greek, French, and the Mechanic Arts.
. In this Department the i t
German, Iligher Mathematics, Astronomy, leading to the first degree ta: Seis B Page st ic

1. A Course in Agriculture.

2. A Course in Civil Engineering.

. A Course in Chemistry.

. A Course in Electricity.

A Course in Biology,

A Course in Clay Working and Ceramics.

years’ requirements including Greek, the candidate receives . A Course in Mechanical Engineering.

) 8. A Course in General Science.

Aad aor course of two years in Ceramics which does

On the completion of the full four years’ requirements in BO Te edes and other information, address IRVING S

and Science are substituted for UPSON, Registrar. S m
W. H. S. DEMAREST, D.D., President.

History, Political Science, Philosophy,

Physics, Chemistry and Biology.

In this Department, on the completion of the full four

“I

the degree of A.B

which Modern Languages
Greek, the candidate receives the degree of B.Litt.

J. HEIDINGSFELD,

No. 42 Albany Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

FINE JOB PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

B. U. TAPKEN, JEWELER —=

All Kinds of Society Emblems Made to Order.
111-113 CHURCH ST. NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Carpets, Matting »° Rugs, Linoleums »* Oil Cloths,

Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.
SUITS and JACKETS tatcnaarens: stockor DRESS GOODS and SILKS

and Children’s,

In all the latest weaves and colorings.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS Go. sare os eee

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THe Arco,

 

 
 

THE ARGO

PAUL ¥. WILLIAMS.) Pf] SUYDAH], RocER
S84 George St. ee

*Phone 877. Tel, 46,

Everything the Best.
Opp. Soldiers’ Monument.

Established 76 years,

——STEWART & CLAYTON=—=

Sole Agents

Young's and Truly Warner Hats
Fownes’ Gloves, Drill Gloves, Evening Furnishings.
109 CHURCH STREET, near George.

FOR

Young Men

$3.00, $3.50, $4.00.
Basket-Ball Shoes.

HARDING & MANSFIELD,

9 PEACE STREET, New Brunswick.

 

 

 

 

 

Q. O. STILLMAN, I. 8. VAN DERVEER,
Jeweler and Optician. pit,
DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND STERLING SILVER. :
SOCIETY PINS MADE TO ORDER. . Studio: <«
CARD ENGRAVING AND WEDDING INVITATIONS. :
133 ALBANY STREET. 355 George Street, New Brunswick, N. J.
S. ZIMMERMAN, E. VOLKERT,
Barber. Merehant + Tailor,
Also Birds and Fishes. 359 GEORGE STREET,
381 GEORGE STREET. New Brunswick, N. J.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention THE Arco,

 
 

96

t

but he found that it hit the turf ten feet be-
hind and bounced over the left-field fence.
The Bhiscoe crowd went wild, but Norcroft
failed to see the joke. Frow this time on,
however, Brody had the Indian sign on Bris-
coe and the inning closed without further
scoring.

When he reached the players’ bench Jack
was passed by Harold Paulding, going out to
the third corner, wearing his cap over one ear
and a huge smile. This irritated him, and his
cup was full when the captain told him he had
played like a kid. However, things began to
brighten up as he made a hit and scored on a
squeeze.

Meanwhile the game progressed and Nor-
croft tied the score in the ninth by a desperate
rally. Then Briscoe came to the bat. The
first man got a hit; the second was safe on an
error and the stand went wild; the next
struck out, however, as did the following man;
the fifth walked, and it was plainly seen that
Brody was weakening. Then the scorer called
Paulding to bat. Trembling in his stockings
Harold marched to his-fate. A single meant
fame and Elaine. Oh, what a chance! Brody
put all his saliva on the ball and in despera-
tion sent the gum from his mouth. Intense
silence was heard. Some one dropped a pin
in the upper stand and it deafened all those
within earshot. Then the ball sped over the
plate. “Strike one.” No, that one he did not
want. “Ball one.” “Ball two.” A thunder-
shower was coming up rapidly, and there were
but a few minutes before rain would stop the
game. “Ball three.” Well, a. walk would win
the contest. “Strike two.” The next. ball
meant victory or defeat. The stands leaned
forward in anticipation. Crack! and the ball
flew into the bleachers, but, sad to relate, it
was foul. Briscoe groaned. Brody licked his
fingers. Harold swore silently he would kill
the ball. Then it came at him. He swung
mightily but felt no resistance, A huge rain-

THE ARGO

drop fell on his visage as he heard the umpire
call, “Three strikes! Out!” The game was
called and went down in history as a pitchers’
battle.

That evening Jack and Harold called on
Elaine with one intent. She was all smiles,
and they noted with rising jealousy that Van
Dyke was sitting on the lounge with her. Her
dimples showed quite plainly, and there was a
flush on her face, caused, no doubt, by the
sun. But what was this she was saying? “]
enjoyed the game so much. Myron was quite
excited when I told him about my promise to
you, especially in the last inning.” How long
had she been calling him Myron? “And he
was enthusiastic in that inning and cheered
dreadfully when Harold was struck out. And
as you are confidential friends I want to tell
you first of my engagement to Myron. We
are to be married next month.” They gasped
out their congratulations and left by the door.

Did they commit suicide or go crazy? Oh,
no; they were young, and got over it quickly,
even as you and I. .

R. B. SEARLE ’o9.

A BATTLE WITH HEADHUNTERS.

Six Igorrote headhunters were traveling
along a lonely trail in the Philippine moun-
tains, just as the sun was setting. They were
on the lookout for the heads of human beings.

All at once one of them, who seemed to be
the leader, stopped suddenly, held up his hand
and spoke to the rest of the men in a hushed
voice, They seemed to take action immedi-
ately, and went quickly and quitely into am-
bush along the trail. What was the meaning
of these movements? The meaning was this:
A body of four American constabulary were
coming up the mountain side. Were these
savages going to kill them?

Corporal Robert Moore never dreamed what
was in store for him. He was talking in an
unconcerned tone, as he neared the savages in

 
THE

ambush. Suddenly six long sharp-pointed
spears flew from the bushes. Two of the four
Americans went down.

“Kirk,” cried Moore to his remaining com-
rade, “get to cover, quick!”-

Kirk immediately slipped behind a large
tree and began firing in the direction from
which the spears had come. These shots were
rewarded by a cry which told that one of the
savages had been hit.

“We'd better get out of this,” exclaimed
Moore, who was becoming over-excited, “be-
fore they get more to fight against us.”

With this hoth of the Americans disap-
peared into the woods and ran to the nearest
constabulary station, which was four miles
distant. When they arrived at this station
Moore asked the lieutenant in charge to give
him a dozen well-armed men to help him cap-
ture the natives, whose numbers had now in-
creased to fourteen men.

The headhunters were entrenched in one of
their native huts. Moore and his troop took
an hour and a half in reaching the village
where he knew the savages to be. It was
about 9.30 when he and his men cautiously
surrounded the thatched hut of the chief,
where Moore thought they would be likely to
gather. The moon was shining dimly on the
little hut when the Americans arrived. There
were sounds of angry voices in the house and,
as Moore could understand a little of the lan-
guage, he was able to interpret some of the
words that caught his ear. Here are a few of
them: “Kill,” “Americans,” ‘‘settlement,”
“massacre.”

From these he concluded that they intended
to raid and massacre an American colony.
The nearest American town was a few miles
south of this village, and, as there were neither
many men nor guns among the settlers, the
savages could easily wipe them out. As Moore
knew that whatever the chief threatened, he
would do, so he sent one of his men back to
warn the Americans.

ARGO 97
Moore, with his men, crept slowly up on
the hut and, with great caution, he peeped
through a crack in the’ bamboo wall. A hor-
rible sight met his eyes, for there around the
room were rows of human skulls. Realizing
that the heads of his companions who were
killed in the first skirmish might be added to
this ghastly collection, Moore resolved to im-
mediately kill or capture their murderers.

Thereupon he ordered his men to charge
the hut, and they did. The Americans charged
so fiercely that eight of the fourteen savages
were killed, and, having been taken so sud-
denly, they could not lift a hand against the
Americans.

So Moore had avenged the death of his two
comrades, and, with the six remaining sav-
ages as prisoners, he marched in triumph back
to the constabulary station.

: R. T. Dinwippie ’12.

BELIEVE.

Believe, and make the world believe, your jaw
is set to win;

Believe (belief’s contagious) that your ship is
coming in;

Believe that every failure’s brought about by
lack of grit;

Believe that work’s a pleasure if you buckle
into it;

Believe there’s help in hoping, if your hope is
backed with will;

Believe the prospect’s fairer from the summit
of the hill;

Believe with all your power that you’re sure
of winning out;

Believe ; keep on believing, they are brothers—
Death and Doubt.

Believe,—not as the dreamer, with his listless
hands aswing,—

Believe, with muscles rigid and life’s battle-
flag afling ;

 
 

98 THE

Believe God doesn’t always wait until we cry

to Him,
But blesses oftener the hand that’s fighting

with a vim; /

Believe, with him of old, that all things come
to them that wait.

Then, while you’re waiting, hustle, at a doubly
strenuous rate ;

Believe that, in this life, we get our sternly
just deserts ;

Believe the world is partial to the man that
hides his hurts.

Believe the clouds have only veiled, not blotted
out, the sky ;

Believe there’s sweeter sunshine for the bless-
ed bye and bye; :

Believe your joy’s but waiting till you drive
the dumps away ;

Believe the nights are nothing to the days that
lie between;

Believe there’s much that’s better than you've
ever heard or seen;

Believe that—not alone your sin—your good
will find you out ;

Believe, keep on believing ; they are brothers—
Death and Doubt.

SrricKLAnp W. GILLIAN.

THE DELTA THETA BANQUET.

The fifteenth Annual Banquet of the Delta
Theta Fraternity was held at the Mansion
House, March 26, 1909, and a large number
of members, both active and alumni, were

present. Chamberlin, ex-’o8, was toastmaster.
The toasts were as follows: :
Delta-T heta ws tia ok Senet aus Iredell.
PATOICH CSI eee ncia's idac Todd

Delta Theta Dances :............ Voorhees

Newark: tiscc8 SS sees 4 § White

Bifth Desree -.isea!s y diventecatl Gecins as end Benner.
Prep. School Profsi's.5 80418 hyctcaw’s Low.
Our Baults 78k «amit eases oes Conger.
Woman Suffragettes .............. Carroll.
Argon dees sdincs ovale? an R. B. Searle.
PUG es oleracea! Geese le Seecensns 4 Ieary Elmendorf.
FUtOte ictus aera vb boda Gv ence

 

R. W. Searle.

ARGO

MR. SCUDDER’S TALK ON THE
PANAMA CANAL,

On Monday, March 15, Mr. Scudder gave
the advanced American History class a talk
on the Panama Canal. He illustrated jt with
stereopticon views, the history room being
darkened for the purpose. The views were
very interesting, showing maps, pictures of
important points, charts, sanitation efforts,
and in fact everything which pertains to the
canal. Mr. Scudder spoke of how, if a his-
tory were written thousands of years hence,
it would have to include the building of this
canal as one of the essential and most im-
portant facts in the history of the world. He
declared himself in favor of the lock canal,
and showed why it was the best, in his opin-
ion. He said that the American engineers
were the best in the world, and whatever they
decided, he would have no hesitation in ac-
cepting. :

It is to be hoped that we may have more
talks like this, and we are sure that nothing
but good can come of giving up a lesson
period for such a purpose. We all wish to
thank Mr. Scudder for the trouble he took in
giving us a view and explanation of these
slides.

 

THE ALPHA DELTA SIGMA DANCE.

The Alpha Delta Sigma Society of the
Misses Anable’s School, which was organized
about a year ago, enjoyed a dance at Masonic
Temple last evening at which about sixty
were present.

The Temple was beautifully decorated with
flags and bunting, various college and school
banners, while over in one corner of the room
where the reception committee received was
a large golden shield, bearing the seal of the
society in black letters.

The affair was a most successful one and
the committee in charge, Misses Katherine
THE

Janeway, Laura Watts and Gretchen Smith,
came in for much praise. The members of
the society wore the colors of the society, lilac
and white, in the form of long streamers fas-
tened to the shoulders. The gowns were tn-
usually beautiful and the floor presented a
kaleidoscope with its niany shifting colors as
the guests tripped the light fantastic toe.

The reception committee consisted of Miss
Anable, Mrs. Henry A. Janeway, Mrs. W. H.
Benedict, Mrs. Watts, Mrs. John B. Smith.

Hart’s orchestra furnished the music for
the dance which lasted from 8 o’clock until
2 a.m. Schussler furnished the supper—
Daily Home News.

ALUMNI NOTES.

‘o1. Percy Van Nuis is with a banking
company in New York.

‘or. Ned and Charlie Wilbur were in town
recently.

‘o1. The members of the Delta Theta Fra-
ternity extend their sympathy to Clifford
Voorhees in his recent trouble.

Dr. E. T. Tomlinson, of Elizabeth, Head-
master of Prep. from 1883-1888, preached in
the First Baptist Church on Sunday, March
28. Several Prep. boys heard his sermon and
afterwards had the pleasure of Meeting Dr.
Tomlinson.

‘o2. “Skeet” Van Vechten is president of
the New Brunswick Base-Ball Club.

Mr. Cook won his “R” on the Rutgers
Gym. Team.

‘o5. Tom Allen was in town recently.

‘o5. Art Devan won his “R” on the Rut-
gers Gym. Team.

‘06. Mary Gillespie and Bessie Wilbur vis-
ited school on March 27.

Among those who attended the Delta Theta
Banquet were, DeMott ’or, Price 05, Devan
‘05, John Voorhees ’06, Scudder ’07, Elmen-
dorf ’07, and Rolfe ex-’og.

’o8. Richard A. Smith umpired most of the
basket-ball games for Prep. “Tim” played
on the Rutgers Freshman team,

ARGO 99

‘08. “Dutch” Gross is warming up at La-
fayette. He won his “L” for foot-ball.

‘08. Evelyn Knox and Anna Scott visited
school on March 29.

’o8. E. F. Cathcart is connected with the
Pine Tree Silk Mills.

‘o8. “Rod” Van Der Vert is sporting edi-
tor of the New Brunswick Times.

Ex-’o8. Horace Phinney is running for
Chestnut Hill Academy. /

Ex-o9. Dan MacNeill is in Gotebo, Okla.

Ex-’o9. “Clare” Lenz is living in Boston.

Ex-'11. Douglas Murray visited school on
March 30. He is in school at Exeter.

From the dark kitchen there emanated a
series of thumps and angry exclamations.
Jones was looking for the cat. “Pa!” called
the son from the stairway. “Go to bed and
let me alone,” blurted Jones. “I’ve just barked
my shins.” “Pa,” insisted Tommy, after a
moment’s silence. ‘Well, what is it? Didn’t
I tell you to keep quiet?” “I—I didn’t hear
your shins bark.” And the next moment
Tommy was being pursued by an angry sire
with a hard hair brush.

First Rube: “I see that Enos Hand has
just got a clock from Chicago that will run
eight days without winding.”

Second Rube: “How long will it run if it’s
wound?” :

The schoolgirl with the large feet was sit-
ting with them stretched far out in the aisle,
and was busily chewing gum when the teacher
saw her.

“Mary!” called the teacher, sharply.

“Yes, ma’am?” queried the pupil.

“Take that gum out of your mouth and put
your feet in.”

The next time Dr. Tomlinson preaches in
New Brunswick we hope more notice will be
given. Only four or five fellows were able to
attend. Those who did were amply repaid,

 

 
100

Published Monthly Dt

BY THE

 

 

    
 

 

THE ARGO.

uring the School Year,

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL
a

Entered in the New Brunswick Post Office as
Second Class Matter.

 

PRINTED BY J. HEIDINGSFELD.

 

 

. V. S. Knox, ’09,

. R. REEVES, ’09,

. W. IReDELL, ’090,

. E. ELMENDoRF, ’I0,
R. W. Turner, ’09,
A. A. PRENTISsS, ’09,
F. H. Low, ’o9,

 

SEARLE, ’09,

BOARD OF EDITORS:
H. F. Smiru, ’o9, Editor-in-Chief.

J. H. Jounson, ’09, Asst. Editor-in-Chief.
M. Ross, ’o9, Alumni Notes.

| Literary Editors.

News.

" R. W. Searze, ’10, Exchanges.
ALAN Concer, Annex.

R. B.
R. T. B. Toop, ’10, ' Business Managers.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Editor-i
' ood
Chief, R. P. S., New Brunswick, N,. J. tn

panied with the name of the author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on

one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students,
cordially invited to contribute.

and alumni are most

» and must be accom-

THE ARGO

Music.—We have to note a great improve.
ment in our school music. We now have a
stringed orchestra which plays every morning
at chapel, and gives a fine aid to our Singing,
There are some however who will not take
the trouble to add to the music of the school,
In taking this stand we feel they are in the
wrong. Every person owes it to the com.
munity to aid in the betterment of that com-
munity. The school is a community, and any-
thing which will add to its betterment or en-
joyment should be done by the individual if
he can. This principle is illustrated also by
the athletic side of the question. Moreover,
those that keep away from our school orches-
tra are discouraging those who remain, and
because of their own indisposition they are
likely not only not to aid but even to do away
with one of the pleasures of our school. Per-
haps you fellows have never thought of it in
this way, and so let us hope it will never be
needful to write another editorial against this
practice of shirking one’s duties.

Swearinc.—Our school was paid a very
fine compliment the other day when Mr.
Scudder, our Headmaster, said that the lan-
guage on our base-ball diamond was the
cleanest he had ever heard on any school: or
college athletic ground. This shows that we
are what we call ourselves, gentlemen. It is
an easy thing in the heat of a game, when a
point goes suddenly to the opposing side, to
swear, not really curse, but just emit an ex-
clamation which at any other time we should
not think of doing. But now that we have
gained a reputation let us live up to it, and
keep our field in the same condition it always
has been, free from swearing.

 

Hosprraviry.—At Prep. here we have never
given a visiting team any sort of a welcome
or a benefit while they were with us, but at
the same time we have never made a trip to
any place, but one, where this was done. At
Paterson High we received a fitting welcome
THE

and it was seen to that we had a good time.
This lack of hospitality never impressed us
much until this winter, when a shocking dis-
play was given. An out-of-town basket-ball
team visited and administered a severe defeat
to us. After the game, which was very
rough, the spectators treated the visitors very
rudely and in a way which was a disgrace to
the school. We apologize to Passaic High
for their treatment in New Brunswick, and if
they ever play here again they may be sure of
a different welcome. But is it not possible
for us to give our opponents some kind of an
entertainment when next they come to town?
If it is possible it should be done.

Reapinc.—Recently Dr. Eliot, late presi-
dent of Harvard, announced that he could se-
lect books occupying only five feet of space,
which if read for ten minutes a day would
give the reader a liberal education. Since that
time a number of selections have been made
by other men. It is not the purpose of this
editorial to discuss the selections—you all have
probably seen them. What we wish to dis-
cuss is that little phrase, “Ten minutes a day.”
Have you ever stopped to realize the hundreds
of odd moments you have during the day?
There are so many times when one has to
wait four or five minutes for something or
other. During most of these waits the ma-
jority of us do nothing. If you really think
of how often this waiting without doing oc-
curs, you will realize what an awful loss of
time is incurred. We suggest that a good,
sound, improving book be always at hand.
Find out what books are those which might
be called the absolute necessities of reading.
If reading ten minutes a day in books selected
for a five-foot shelf will give a man a liberal
education, there is no excuse for remaining
uneducated, and there is no excuse for time—
for more than the ten minutes a day are go-

ing to waste.-

ARGO PK)

FRATERNITIES —The feeling against frater-
nities in our school came to a head at the
Delta Theta banquet. An alumnus in making
a speech spoke of the Frat. men who were ‘in
the crusade as cowards and breakers of their
pledges. Instantly Low and R. B. Searle re-
signed from the society. Pingry and Turner,
who were not present, resigned the next
morning, The movement is growing and ru-
mors are abroad that the list will be steadily
increased by men who are able to see what is
tight and true to the school. The Era of
Dirty Politics is going. Stuffed ballots and
Aristocracy will no longer be.heard of. Hon-
esty and School Spirit will take their place.
Come, non-Frat. men, rally by those who have
sacrificed for you, and we shall have the se-
cret organization abolished from Prep. and
Good-will shall reign in its stead.

 

Base-BALt.—The base-balf season is with
us again and most of the fellows are engrossed
with this “King of Sports.” ‘And well they
may be, for base-ball is surely the greatest
game played to-day. It has all the good of
other sports with the bad left out. In foot-ball
much good exercise may be obtained, but
there is a risk of injury. Of course this dan-
ger appeals to few lively boys, but it inspires
a dread in the minds of the parents. Basket-
ball is good but has to be played indoors, while
track work in Prep. School is sometimes det-
rimental to the heart action, But in base-ball
one has exercise of every muscle, exercise in
God’s own air, and no danger of broken
noses or of teeth knocked out. We are crip- .
pled this year by the loss of Captain Man-
kowski, However, his place at third will be
taken care of by Ziegler or Hoe. Pfennigs-
weith and Elmendorf are trying for catcher.
While Elmendorf can catch and is good with
the stick he cannot throw, a thing in which
“Dutch” excels. Pitcher is being contested

for by Hoe and Dunham. If they do not do

 

 
102 THE
good enough work “Zig” will do the twirling.
Smith and Prehn are out for first. Prehn is a
good batter but does not know how to play
the bag, while Smith is poor in the batting
line. Prentiss will probably play second. His
only opponent is Pingry, who plays a good
game but is a trifle clumsy. Prentiss played
two years ago on our base-ball team, which
was a wonder then, and is one of the best
players in Prep. Stanton has no rival for
short and he will make a good one when he
wakes up. There are a number trying for the
outfield but it is impossible to pick from them
yet. The best are Ross, Todd, Turner, Fol-
ensbee, Blanchard, Ritter and R. W. Searle.
The schedule is a hard one, and to have a suc-
cessful team every one must work hard for
Rutgers Prep.

Tue Liprary Conrest.—The fighting
spirit of Rutgers Prep. School has surely been
shown in the contest for the library and

"money offered by town firms. In the Home
News contest we were taken by surprise and
unprepared for the start, and at the end of the
first week rested, apparently securely in
twenty-seventh place, with the leader over
nine thousand votes ahead. The friends of
our school gave up all hope of our ever gain-
ing and felt that we would have to work hard
to keep from being dropped from the list.
But on the following Monday a committee
was formed and three hundred letters written
to our friends, asking for their aid. The re-
sult was startling. During the week rumors
were current of our gains and the Home News
said that we would probably better our posi-
tion, but no one was prepared for the sight
which greeted their eyes when they read the
Saturday paper, “Rutgers Prep. Makes Huge
Gain—Jumps from Twenty-Seventh to Sixth
Place.” And we have not stopped. We are
in fourth place now, with a very rosy outlook.
New Brunswick High and Highland Park
must work hard if they desire to possess the
library,

 

ARGO

In the Times contest we did not do well for
the first week or so, but we have till June.
Rutgers Prep. does not design to make a
walk-away of everything. We do nét care so
much for the library or money, although the
five hundred would be invaluable to the school
Organization, but we wish to make a plucky
fight for both. While some may think us
greedy, still we show more sporting blood in
taking the chance of losing in going after two
than in going after one prize with surety of
winning. Bring your newspaper votes to
school, and you, readers, vote for Rutgers
Prep. as often and as much as you can.

“Tight for old Prep. School,
Prep School must win.
Fight to the finish,
Never give in.
All do your best, boys,
We'll do the rest, boys,
Fight for the Victory.”

’

“Say, grandpa, make a noise like a frog,’
coaxed little Tommy.

“What for, my child?”

“Why, papa says that when you croak we'll
get five thousand dollars.”

The day the Senior hats arrived a general
mix-up occurred. The whole school, brave
children, pitched on the five or six 1909 boys
who were outside. The Seniors put up a gal-
lant battle, especially Turner and John Thom-
as. “Betsey” Knox and “Sister” Reeves must
also be commended for their conduct, as they
stood in the cloak room, in spite of the hor-
rible fight outside, and made terrible faces at
the Juniors. These fellows’ surely have the
right spirit.

 

The record A, A. list was this fall, there
being sixty-seven members out of a school of
eighty-five. See if this cannot be broken this
spring.

 
THE

 

We acknowledge with thanks the following
exchanges :

Acadamedian.
Academy Journal.
Acta Diurna.
Advocate.

Cadet.

Caravel (2).
Forum.

George School Ides.
Hackettstonian.
High School Voice.
Irvonian.

Magpie.

M. A. S. Monthly.
Mirror (Moravian Sem.).
Mirror (West Hoboken H. S.).
News.

Normal Vidette.
Oracle.

Parrot.

Poly Prep.
Polytechnic (2).
Quill.

Recorder.

Red and Blue.
Register (Burlington H. S.).
Shucis.

Spectator.
Sunnyside.

Targum (4).
Farnum Tattler.
Trident.

Vail Deane Budget,

ARGO 103

The Caravel is our best exchange this month.
Its departments are complete and well ar-
ranged, its stories are most interesting and are
the best we have scen in any of this month’s
issues. The poem entitled “The Commerce

Caravel” is very clever and shows the author

has quite a talent.

The Magpie is a close second to the Cara-
vel. Your paper gives us a very good impres-
sion of your school. The plan you use in your
exchange columns is very original. The only
fault which we find in your paper is the ex-
change column. It contains about ten ex-
changes, and the Argo is not among them.
You should acknowledge your exchanges.

Third place is a toss-up between the Quill
and the Acta Diurna. While the general ap-
pearance of the Quill surpasses that of the
Acta Diurna, yet the literary department of
the Acta Diurna has a very good story in it,
and the literary department of the Quill con-
tains only essays on Lincoln, which, although
good, should have been combined in one.
What the Acta Diurna loses in the editorial
department it makes up in its school notes.

We are glad to receive the Normal Vidette,
which comes from Keystone Normal. A few
cuts would greatly improve the looks of the
magazine.

Hackettstonian has an exceedingly neat ap-
pearance. You must have made a mistake and
entitled your Joke column Exchanges, for we
see no exchanges under it, nor do we any-
where in the paper. That is a pretty bad er-
ror. Your Athletic column is very small. It
contains only an article on track. Have you
no prospects for base-ball?

Norwich, your paper is very good, but
could not its general appearance be improved?

Irvonian, your paper would be good but for
your Exchange column. Surely a paper that
does not come out every month ought to have
a large Exchange column. Your paper would
improve much if it had a cut for the cover and
some more department cuts.

 

 
104 THE

The Spectator is a neat little paper, well
edited and well supported. The one fault,
and that is not a great one, is its editorial col-
umn, which we consider one of the prime es-
sentials of a paper.

We are sorry we cannot say much for the
B. H. S. Register. Its grade has been lowered
greatly by what it thought were improve-
ments. The titles of your stories sound as if
they were taken from a Sunday School paper.
If your paper was combed down and about
half of it thrown out, it would be much more
plausible. We notice that it has two editorial
columns. It has so decreased in fact that we
cannot say it is one of the best papers as we
used to, but rather it is the worst. It looks as
if anybody could put anything in the paper
that they wished. Instead of the column
“How we appear to outsiders” we would sug-
gest one with this title, “How we blow our
own horn.” j

Parrot, your new cover design is very good.
Your paper is well arranged, and all it lacks
is cuts. ;

The Ides is a good paper and an attractive
paper, but the fault we find with it is this,
namely, its table of contents on the cover,
which detracts greatly from its appearance.

Sunnyside, with forty-one advertisers, you
ought to be able to furnish cuts and a cover
design. Your stories are good, but that is
about all. Your exchanges would like to have
your opinion of them. You would not like it
if none of them criticized you. If you should
or not you need it.

The Trident is a fair paper, which would
be excellent if it contained some euts and
made a change in the paper it is printed on.

Mirror (Moravian), you have thirty-one
advertisers, we have twenty-eight, and yet we
have cuts and a cover design. Could you not
get a story in your literary department rather
than three essays?

We are glad to welcome the Cadet, which
is a new exchange.

ARGO

 

SENIORS VS. JUNIORS.

The Seniors had ample revenge on 1910 in
the second basket-ball game of the year, which
was a-walk-away from start to finish. The
Seniors showed team work, and their hard
playing and accurate shooting dazed the Jun-
iors, who allowed them to score at will. When
the game was out of danger the 1909 men
eased up and allowed their opponents a few
scores.

The game started at eight sharp and Zieg-
ler caged the first goal for the Seniors. He
and Prentiss followed this up with three more
before the Juniors scored. The half ended
14-19 in favor of 1909. The second half was
simply a runaway, the 1910 men scoring but
one basket. The final score was 17-39. Zieg-
ler and Prentiss starred for 1909, while Mor-
rison showed form for the kids. The line-up
was as follows:
1909.—Prentiss, r. f.; Searle, Smith, r. g.3
Reeves, ¢.; Ziegler, 1. £.; Pingry, 1. g.

1910.—Voorhees, r. f.; Searle, R. W., El-
mendorf, r. g.; Morrison, Searle, c.; Morri-
son, Elmendorf, 1.-f.; Voorhees, T., I. g.

 

RUTGERS BASE-BALL SCHEDULE.

It has been suggested by a number of peo-
ple that the Arco print the College base-ball
schedule, as a number of the Prep. fellows
never know what games the College are to
play or where they are to be played, because
they do not know where to get a schedule. It
is as follows:

 
April.
. Albright at New Brunswick,

wm

Easter Trip.
7. Lehigh at South Bethlehem, Pa,
8. Albright at Myerstown, Pa.
g. Lebanon Valley at Anneville, Pa,
—o—
17. Swarthmore at Swarthmore, Pa.
24. Union at New Brunswick.

May.

1. Delaware at Newark, Del.
8. Annapolis at Annapolis, Md.
5. N. Y. U. at New Brunswick.
19. Championship Class Game.
2. Delaware at New Brunswick.
26. Stevens at New Brunswick.
29. N. Y. U. at New York.
31. Stevens at Hoboken.

June.
5. Union at Schenectady, N. Y.
12. Catholic Club at New Brunswick.
19. Alumni vs. Varsity at New Brunswick.
21. Faculty vs. Seniors at New Brunswick.

Hurray for the Alpha Delta Sigma Society
of. Miss Anable’s. Their dance was great.

There was no one found cribbing in the re-
cent examinations and none were suspected.
This makes an unbroken record for this year,
and the school is to be congratulated.

Rutgers Prep. certainly has a right to be
proud of its Headmaster. Mr. Scudder came
out on the base-ball field the other day and
knocked flies to the outfield. He can hit them,
too. The fellows appreciate that kind of spirit,
and Mr. Scudder may be sure the school is
behind him in whatever he does.

Lives of Cicero all remind us
How to make our lives sublime,
By asking silly questions
And taking all the teacher’s time.

   

R-t-r (translating French): “He was had
the gout.”

P-n-y (in Chemistry): “Phew! What
smells ?”

T-n-r: “Your nose.”

Mr, Smith, do you think you are setting us
a good example by fussing ?

L-s: “What is chiasmus?”

J-h-n: “You start off one way and if it’s
the same thing it’s just the opposite.”

L-s: “Define patronymic.”
J-h-n: “A name descended from his father.”

Blondy has.a beard, as usual.

A certain member of the Senior class went
out hunting. He returned home disgusted
and explained how he had just missed every
bird. His room-mate happened to look at his
shells and found that all were blanks. Were
you afraid of hitting your friends, Chippy?

There has been a great improvement among
the smokers since the Seniors have interfered.

Heaven be praised! The bakery is re-
opened.

Jack fooled us in Chemistry. He passed a
test !!

The size of the Juniors’ heads has dimin-
ished since the last basket-ball game. 39-16.
Pretty bad.

 
 

106

The convention of fraternities brought out
some great orators, such as .Turner and
Chamberlain.

We extend a hearty welcome to Prehn, who
comes to us from Cornell. He seems to be a
valuable addition to the base-ball squad.

Morrison is captain of the track team and
Ziegler is captain pro fem of the base-ball
team. Congratulations and good luck to both.

Folensbee was elected manager of the track
team in place of Morrison who resigned.

Everybody must work for that library. A
committee has been appointed, consisting of
Iredell and Janeway, to organize the school
for voting. Don’t let New Brunswick forget
we are in the race.

We need that $500 in the Times contest.
Chippie Sparrow shot a blackbird. Ha! Ha!

The school knows something about the
Panama canal, thanks to Mr. Scudder’s inter-
esting lecture.

It is a good deal more convenient having
the office at the school instead of at the Trap.

What three hares were nearly shot on the
railroad bridge and escaped this death to fall
into the outstretched arms of the hounds?
Who ever thought White, Low and Clark
looked dangerous enough to be held up?

Prentiss and White have changed their hair
cuts.

The eyes of all Prep. School were opened
the other day when the punk gray hats with
a red band of the Seniors arrived. They no-
ticed the Juniors were jealously eyeing them,
and sure enough, 1910 ordered brown hats
with a pretty white band, They are not easily
described, but a remark made by a little boy
who first saw them describes them perfectly.
He saw a youngster way down the street wear-

THE ARGO

¢

ing one and he exclaimed, “Oh, look at that
nigger with a bandage around his head.”

K-h-r (translating French): “He returned
around.”

S-r-w (in Geometry): “Draw a line, con-
necting their foots.”

Mr. S-h: “What are the four front teeth
for?”

D-y: “To taste with.”
L-w: “Lady Macbeth could only think so
she was just thinking.” -

Mr. F-h-r: “I wish you fellows wouldn’t
throw any more papers around. I’ve just
picked the floor up.” (Wonderful!)

Mr. S-h asked C-r-l, who was not paying
attention, what ‘“‘degonter” meant. C-r-l did
not know, and some one said “to discuss.”
Then Mr. S-h remarked, “I am disgusted.”

P-t-s; “Oxygen is odorless and smell-less.”

D-I-t (in geometry): “X divided by a con-
stonant (constant).

S-h (in Geometry)—When the arcs are
incomprehensible. (Incommensurable).

R-s (in Virgil) —Quickly Aeneas snatched

‘his arms from his own hand.

Miss S-e (in Latin)—Where is
found?

‘vocat”

Watts.—In the vocabulary.
R-s (in Virgil) —Naked to the knee with
her clothes bound in a knot around her waist.

Mr. L-w-s (in Geometry)—You haven't
read the proposition.

V-h-s—Yes I have. (After a pause). What
one is it?

 

Clerk: “Will you have the soap scented or
unscented ?”

Maid (from a foreign shore): “I'll take it
wid me.”—Ex,
 

THE ARGO

Just a reminder: Vote for the

Prep. School in the Library Contest!

J-h-n (in Virgil) —And after looking over
the surface of the waters he decided to raise
his head above the waves.

K-h-r: “Try an experiment onto it.”

Prof. L-s: “When Adam led the elephant
into the ark.”

R-v-s:. “The whole army of dolphins
(Greeks) came.” :

C-r-n (in Latin) —He wept with a wide
river.

Why do some of the boys have perfect
translations and yet cannot tell the meaning
of the words? This question seems to hother
the teachers.

D-h-m (in English History)—Was Robert,
Henry I?

T-n-r (in chemistry).—Give it all it can
hold and then give it some more. ‘

The constant drop of water wears away the
hardest stone;

The constant gnaws of Towser masticates the
toughest bone;

The constant wooing lover carries off the
blushing maid;

And the constant advertiser is the one who
gets the trade.

Miss P-r-s: “What does i. e. mean?”
P-n-s: “And so forth.”

P-n-s (in Anabasis): “The wall was made
of tanned brick.”

Prof. L-s (in Virgil): “Suppose they are
nouns of different genders, both feminine.”

B-n-r: “The nearer the holes are apart.”

L-w (in Geometry): “ Subscribe a circle.”

107

A correspondent sends to a Paris contem-
porary an amusing contest of wit which he
recently heard in a railway carriage on a jour-
ney between Compiegne and Roye. There
Were several passengers. One believed him-
self to possess a fund of humor which he in-
tended to expend on a priest who got in at one
of the intermediate stations. ~ Bestowing a pat-
ronizing look on the clergyman, he said:

“Have you heard the news, Monsieur le
curé ?”

“No, my friend, I have not,” was the reply.
“T have been out all day, and have not had
time to glance at the papers.”

Then said the traveler:
dreadful; the devil is dead.”

“Indeed,” replied the ecclesiastic, without
the smallest surprise or displeasure. Then,
seeming deeply touched, he added: ‘“Mon-
sieur, I have always taken the greatest inter-
est in orphans. Will you accept these two
sous ?” ee

The wit, we are told, retired as gracefully
and as quickly as he was able.

“It is something

Grace: “Who is that man they are all quar-
reling with?”

Jack: “Why, he’s keeping the score.”

Grace: “Oh!—and won't he give it up?”

Musical Tragedy. The song died on her
lips. It had been cruelly murdered.

 

Lest we forget: Vote for the
Prep. School in the Gold Contest !

 

PATRONIZE THE ARGO AD-

VERTISERS.

 

 
 

08 THE
1
THE STUDENTS ASSOCIATION OF
THE RUTGERS PREPARATOR}
SCHOOL

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

All schools and colleges are aware of the
difficulties attending the support and manage-
ment of the various student organizations
which every wide awake institution wants to
maintain and ought to maintain. After long
and careful deliberation in which both faculty
and students have participated, a project for
centralizing the management of the various
student organizations and activities of The
Rutgers Preparatory, School has-been devel-

ARGO
PREAMBLE

WHEREAS, We believe that the purpose
of student participation in school government
is—

ist-—To develop the power of initiative,
habits of self control, and sense of responsi-
bility in the individual by requiring of him the
right use of certain powers and duties en-
trusted to his care? =

ad.—To cultivate a spirit of codperation
with the faculty and fellow students, thus de-
veloping the ideal of social service and re-
sponsibility :

'3d—To make the students of the school

Alicofin. cute deuce acquainted with the practical workings of the

oped ‘and ag ready_for “trialf ders acd

In place of the many associations and or-
ganizations of the school, each pulling and
hauling for membership dues, and issuing
numberless appeals and exhortations for help
and support, it is hereby proposed (1) that all
of these interests be centralized under one
management; (2) that, cach, approved activity
of the school, like base-ball, basket-ball,
hockey, track athletics, gun. club, swim-
ming club, THe Arco, etc., maintain its
own identity, have its own membership, but
that it draw its support from a common
treasury, no dues of any sort being charged ;
(3) that this treasury be maintained by a cer-
tain specified amount to be charged in each
term bill just as are laboratory fees and other
extras, and by all gate receipts and moneys
received by entertainments; (4) that every
student by virtue of attendance be a member
of this centralized organization and entitled
to a vote in its management; (5) that every
student be entitled to free admission to all
games and entertainments.

‘As this scheme carries with it a large
measure of self-government or of student par-
ticipation in the management of the school, a
charter and constitution outlining the’ scope
of these student activities and carefully defin-
ing the limits of their operation is essential.
The Faculty of The Rutgers Preparatory
School therefore, codperating with a commit-
tee of students, have_drawn—up-the-accom-
panying-document.

political machinery of representative govern-
ment :

4th—To give students training in proper
modes of organizing and conducting meetings
and assemblies whereby they may become ac-
quainted with the rules of order and the prin-
ciples of parliamentary law to the end that
they may better understand the theory and
practice of representative government,.and be
able eventually to participate more intelligent-
ly in the shaping and administration of local,
state, and national affairs:

5th——And finally, through the experience
and through the moral and political insight
and facility acquired by such training, to en-
able them to codperate more effectually and
economically in promoting the various student
interests of the school, literary, music, ath-
letic, and social:

THEREFORE, The faculty of The Rut-
gers Preparatory School of New Brunswick,
New Jersey, do hereby grant to the students,
named herein, the following constitution, and
delegate to them the powers necessary to
carry out its provisions.

CHAPTER I
‘ARTICLE I

Name

Section 1, The name of this body shall be
“The Students Association of The Rutgers
Preparatory School,”

tu he iflrew eater,
THE

ARTICLE IT
Political Unit

Section 1. The student body shall be di-
vided into four political units or classes, to
wit, Senior, Junior, Second Year, First Year.

Articce III

Powers and Duties of The Students Associa-
tion :

Section 1. This Association shall be a
body politic with legislative, executive and
judicial powers, within the bounds of and in
harmony with, the laws of the higher political
powers, subject to the approval of the Faculty
of The Rutgers Preparatory School, who of
course are responsible to the Trustees and to
the Patrons for the general condition and wel-
fare of the school.

Section 2. The Association shall have the
right to nominate its members to office and to
elect them to be officers of its government.

ArticLe IV
Rights and Duties

Section 1. Every student who is or who
shall hereafter become a member of The. Rut-
gers Preparatory School shall be a member
of this Association.

Secrion 2. It shall be the duty of every
student to vote on every public question when
there is opportunity: to use his judgment for
the good of all when voting: and to promote
the well-being of every student, and the gen-
eral good of the school and the community.

CHAPTER II
ArtTicte I
Officers and Terms

Secrion 1, The officers of this Association
shall be, a president, vice-president, secretary,
treasurer, and fourteen (14) students repre-
senting all classes as hereinafter indicated, to
be called a council.

Section 2. The councillors shall be elected
by their respective classes. All other elective
offices named in this article shall be chosen

 

ABEO 109

by ballot in general election as hereinafter
provided,

SECTION 3. The terms of the officers named
in this article shall be as follows: The Presi-
dent, Vice-President, and Secretary. Each
shall hold office for one year. The Treasurer
shall be appointed and shall serve as herein-
after prescribed.

The Councillors shall hold office for one
year except in the. case of the two Seniors to
be elected each February, and the two First
Year men to be elected each September, who
shall each serve one semester as hereinafter
indicated.

Section 4. The terms of all officers named
in this article shall continue until their suc-
cessors are chosen, unless removed by the
Recall.

Section 5. No person shall hold more
than one office at the same time.

ArticLe II
Qualifications

Section 1. The President shall be a mem-
ber of the Senior Class.

Section 2. The Vice-President shall be
either a Senior or a Junior.

Section 3. The Secretary shall be a mem-
ber of the Senior or Junior class.

Section 4. The Treasurer shall be a mem-
ber of the Faculty appointed by the Head
Master.

CHAPTER III
NoMINATIONS AND ELECPIONS
ArtIcLe I
Nominations

Section 1. All nominations for candidates
for President, Vice-President and Secretary
shall be by petition. Each petition shall be
signed by at least ten qualified voters, and
shall include the name of an election judge.
No man's name shall appear on more than one
petition for each office. A nominating’ peti-
tion may contain the names of as many can-
didates as there are officers to be elected. All
nominating petitions shall be filed with the
Secretary not later than the first Friday in
September of each year and the Friday before
election day in February. A majority of the

 
 

THE
110

constitute a com-
filling any vacancy
list. of candidates
for any other rea~

a petition shall
mittee for the purpose of
which may occur 12 the

submitted by those signers
son than that of the Recall.

signers of

ArticLe IL

Elections
A general election shall be held
on the first Tuesday after the first Friday of
school, in September, also on the first Tuesday
following the first Monday in February. —

Section 2. In September the following
shall be elected: President, Vice-President,
and Secretary, and Councillors as follows :

Four (4) Seniors for one year.

Two (2) Juniors for one year.

Two (2) First Year Men for one Semester.

Section 3. In February Councillors shall
be elected as follows:

Two (2) Seniors for one Semester.

Two (2) Juniors for one year.

Two (2) Second year men for one year.

Two (2) First year men for one year.

Articce II

The Initiative
Section 1. Any student may draft a pro-
posed law or ordinance in the exact words in
which he wishes it adopted. If five per cent
of the students sign a petition asking that this
bill be submitted to a vote of the school, the
Secretary shall post a copy of the bill and
shall give notice of an election to be held six
school days later. At this election voters who
favor the bill shall vote YES; voters who op-
pose it shall vote NO. The inspectors shall
count the votes and declare the result, as in
other elections. If a majority is found in
favor of the bill it shall be declared a law and
shall go into effect at once. If a majority is
found opposed, it shall be declared rejected,

and no similar bill may be again presented
for one month.

SECTION I.

ArticLe IV
The Referendum

Every law adopted by the
go into effect six school

SECTION 1,
Council shall

Da

ARGO

days after receiving the President's signature
As soon as it is signed by the President it
shall be posted in a public place. If within
three school days a petition signed by five ti
cent. of the voters shall be presented to the
Secretary asking that such law be submitteq
to a vote of the students the Secretary shall is-
sue a notice of a special election to be held tig
school days later. . At this election voters who
favor the law shall vote YES; voters who op-
pose it shall vote NO. The inspectors shall
count the votes according to the law in other
elections and shall announce the result. If a
majority votes yes, the law shall go into effect,
if not, the law shall have no effect.

ARTICLE V
The Recall

Section 1. If an officer elected by the stu-
dents gives dissatisfaction by reason of ineffi-
ciency, or by failing to fulfill his pledges or
by demonstrating in some other way his unfit-
ness for the position he holds, the school may
resort to the Recall to determine whether he
shall be retained in office.

SEcTION 2. A vote for recalling an officer
who gives dissatisfaction shall be instituted
as follows: Any student or group of three
may draft a recall bill demanding that said
officer be deprived of office. If signed by
twenty per cent. of the disqualified voters,
this bill shall be presented to the Secretary,
who shall at once issue notice of a special elec-
tion to be held not later than two days from
the day on which the bill is presented. If at
this election a majority of the students shall
vote in favor of the recall, the Secretary shall
at once post a notice declaring the position to
be vacant.

SEcTION 3. Positions made vacant by the
Recall shall be filled by the regular process of
election, by petition in the case of President,
Vice-President or Secretary, and by a class
primary in case of a Councillor.

ARTICLE VI
Installation

; The officers of the Association
shall be installed on the third day following

SECTION 1,
THE

their election, the oath of office being admin-
istered by the Headmaster or some one ap-
pointed by him.

The President-elect shall at this time deliver
an address reviewing the condition of the stu-
dent interests of the school, and outline his
policies. .

CHAPTER IV
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT
ARTICLE [|
Council

Section 1. The legislative power of the
Association shall be vested in the Council,
which shall consist of fourteen members as
provided in Section 2, Article IV., Chapter II.

Section 2, The Council shall meet on the
first Friday following their election, and every
alternate Friday thereafter for the transac-
tion of such business as it may deem neces-
sary. The Council shall legislate in all mat-
ters pertaining to the student interests of the
school, as indicated in Section 4 of the pre-
amble. Special meetings of the Council may
be called by the President or by the Vice-
President, or when a request for a meeting is
signed by a majority of the members.

SEcTION 3. A majority of the members
elected to the Council shall constitute a quor-
um.

ARTICLE II
Powers of the Council

Section 1. Every legislative act of the
Council shall be by ordinance or resolution ;
and every ordinance shall be numbered in
order of enactment, preceded by a title and
the following enacting clause: “The Council
of the Students Association of The Rutgers
Preparatory School ordains as follows”:

Section 2. Every ordinance or resolution
shall, before it takes effect, be presented duly
certified, to the President for his approval,
and a copy shall also immediately be filed
with the Principal of the school. If the Presi-
dent approves, he may sign the ordinance. lt
he disapproves, he shall return it within three
days to the Council together with his objec-

ARGO 111
tions, lf he does not return it within three
days it shall take effect as if he had approved
it. The Council may pass it over the Presi-
dent’s veto by a two-thirds vote within three
days of its return, lf, however, the Council
Passes an ordinance over the President's veto,
when a reason for that veto is the unconsti-
tutionality of the measure, the ordinance must
be submitted to the Principal of the school
for his approval before it can go into effect.
SECTION 3. Every proposed ordinance con-
sidered by the Council before it is presented
for final reading, shall be submitted by the
Secretary to the Teacher of English for tex-
tual criticism.

SECTION 4. The President and ex-Presi-
dent of the Association as long as they re-
main in school shall be entitled to a seat in
the Council and to participate in discussions,
but they shall not be entitled to a vote.

Section 5. The Council may establish
other departments not named in this charter,

CHAPTER V
EXecuTIVE DEPARTMENT

ARTICLE I
President

SEcTION 1.» The President shall be the chief
executive officer of the Association.

Section 2. In the case of the disability,
absence, or removal of the chief executive, the
duties of the President shall devolve upon of-
ficers in the following order, to wit: The Vice-
President, the Secretary, Members of the
Council from the Senior class in the order of
their names, alphabetically arranged.

Articte II
Duties and Powers of the President
Section 1. It shall be the duty of the
President to communicate to the Council at
its first regular meeting a general statement
of the condition of the Association; to recom-
mend to the Council all such measures as he
deems expedient; and to see that all laws and
ordinances of the ‘Association are faithfully

executed,
Section 2, The President shall appoint all

 
 

112 THE

committees and may remove members for
cause. :

Section 3. The President shall appoint the
heads of all committees subject to the appro-
val of the Council.

CHAPTER VI
Oruer City OFFICERS
ArticLe |
Vice-President

Section I. It shall be the duty of the Vice-
President to fill the office of President in the
case of the latter’s absence, or removal, or
disability. .

Secrion 2. He shall preside at all meetings
of the Council except when he shall succeed
to the office of President, as in Section 1 of
this chapter.

Section 3. In case of the disability, ab-
sence, or removal of the Vice-President the
duties of this officer shall devolve upon officers
in the following order, to wit: Members of
the Council from the Senior class in the order
of their names, alphabetically arranged.

Section 4. He shall vote in case of a tie,
but take no part in the discussion so long as
he is presiding.

ArticLe II
Secretary

Section 1. It shall be the duty of the
Secretary to take and record the minutes of
the Council; to certify to all ordinances passed
by the Council; to keep the records of the
Association; to receive and publish the names
of candidates for office; to designate the place
for holding the general elections and to pro-
vide the ballots and ballot boxes for use at the
same; to deliver to each successful candidate
a certificate of election; to notify the Prin-
cipal of the result of each election and to pub-
lish the result on the bulletin board.

Section 2. The Secretary shall receive a
salary not to exceed ten dollars per semester,
the amount to be fixed by the Council.

ARTICLE III
Treasurer
Section: 1, The Treasurer shall be a mem-

a

ARGO

ber of the F aculty, designated by the Head-
master. .

Secrion 2. He shall be custodian of the
Association’s money. He shall receive from
all sources whatever money is collected in the
name of the Association, and shall, without
delay, deposit such sums as he receives in The
National Bank of New Jersey. :

Section 3. He shall pay out money only
on requisitions as hereinafter described, and
shall submit monthly reports to the Principal
and to the Council showing income, expendi-
tures, balance, and approved requisitions,

Section 4. The Treasurer shall receive a
salary not to exceed ten dollars per semester,
the amount to be fixed by the Council.

CHAPTER VII
ADMINISTRATIVE DEPARTMENTS

ARTICLE I

Secrion 1. The following organizations,
in existence at the time of the adoption of this
constitution, are hereby recognized as Admin-
istrative Departments of the Students’ Asso-
ciation:

The Argo.
Base-Ball Team.
Basket-Ball Team.
Foot-Ball Team.
Track Team.

Section 2. Each literary, social, musical
and athletic organization in the school shall be
known as an Administrative Department of
The Students Association.

Secrion 3. New Administrative Depart-
ments may be added at any time by a two-
thirds vote of the Council. A new Department
thus recognized, becomes at once entitled to
the financial support of the Association.

Section 4. The Council may at any time,
if the development of the school seems to re-
quire it, take the initiative in forming new De-
partments. Or, a new Department may be
formed by any group of students who desire
to foster in this way some worthy literary,
social, musical, or athletic enterprise, by se-
curing the necessary two-thirds vote of recog-
nition from the Council.
 

THE

Section 5. Each organization or Depart-
ment shall be left free to perfect its own or-
ganization and to administer its own interests
as it sees fit.

ArtIcLeE II
Business Managers

Section 1. The Managers of the several
Organizations, Literary, Social, Musical, or
Athletic, or whatever they may be, shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the Student Asso-
ciation, with the consent of the Council, but
the appointment of the business manager of
The Argo shall require the consent of the
Editor-in-chief as well as that of the Council.

Section 2. It shall be the duty of the Busi-
ness Managers to report the needs of their re-
spective organizations to the Council and to
make requisitions for funds as described in
Chap. VIT.

Section 3. Managers shall submit to the
Council at the close of each year a report of
the affairs of their departments. These re-
ports if accepted shall be placed on file with
the secretary.

CHAPTER VIII

Funps AND THEIR Disposat.
ArTICLE I
Sources

Section 1. The funds of this Association
are to be derived from three sources:

(a) A charge of three dollars per semester,
entered in the term bills of all students and
collected by the school, all of which is to be
deposited by the treasurer as provided in Art.
IIT, Sec: 2.

(b) All gate receipts or moneys derived
from entertainments given under the auspices
of the school.

(c) All gifts.

Articie IT
Emergency Fund
Section 1. Beginning Sept., 1909, from the
gross receipts available for the Students’ As-
sociation, 20 per cent. shall be reserved as an
emergency fund. This is to be held in case of

some extraordinary demand or emergency, and

ARGO 113
shall be drawn upon only by a two-thirds vote

of the Council and with the consent of the
Headmaster,

Articte III

Exemption from Dues, Taxes or Subscription
Papers

Hereafter no student of The
Rutgers Preparatory School shall be taxed by
any literary, social, musical, or athletic organ-
ization connected with the school, nor shall
there be any dues charged in connection with
any school organization, nor shall subscription
papers be passed to raise money for the sup-
port of such organizations, but every student
shall be entitled to free admission to all games
and entertainments given under the auspices
of the school and shall be entitled to a free
subscription to The Argo.

ArtIcLe IV

Requisitions and Expenditures

Section 1. It shall be the duty of the
Council to apportion the available moneys of
the Association in such a way that each par-
ticular organization, recognized by the Coun-
cil as a department worthy of support, may
have its proper share. The method of appor-
tionment shall be as follows:

(a) Each manager, at a time early in the
school year, as specified by the Council, shall
present an itemized estimate of the amount of
money that the organization or department
which he represents will need for the activi-
ties of the ensuing season.

(b) The Council shall refer these estimates
to the Finance Committee, and it shall be the
duty of this committee to examine these esti-
mates, revise or otherwise modify them if nec-
essary, and return them to the Council with
recommendations as to their disposal.

(c) The Council may further modify these
estimates and is the final court of appeal as to
whether they shall or shall not be granted. In
case the Council grants a manager’s request
for money a notice of such approval stating
the amount granted shall be reported in writ-
ing to the Treasurer.

(d) No money shall be transferred directly

SECTION 1.
 

114 THE
to a. manager to be disbursed by him, but when
he is) in need of funds he shall present to the
Treasurer a requisition for the amount oe
at that particular time. The Treasurer shall
then consult that particular manager’s budget
the Council, and if he finds
appropriated for the ob-
ject or purpose mentioned in the requisition he
shall draw.a checks for the amount, payable to
the Headmaster, who in. turn shall endorse the
check to the order of the creditor named by
the manager in his requisition.

Srction 2. On recommendation of the
President. and by vote of the Council an
amount not to exceed. 50 per cent. of the gate
receipts of the preceding two months may be
turned over to the Social Committee, to be
used in providing a reception in honor of each
team whose season has ended.

as, approved by
that money has been

ARTICLE. V

Indebtedness

Srction 1. No goods may be bought for
the Association,-nor labor engaged, nor any
other indebtedness. incurred except as author-
ized by order of the Council signed. by: the
Secretary, and-no bill against. the Association
shall be paid. until it-has. been audited by the
Council. 7

Section 2. Requisitions for. goods, labor
or other expenditures shall be made by the
managers of departments. as needs arise or in
anticipation of needs, and. shall. be presented
to the Council through the Secretary.

Section 3. All bills against the Association
shall be paid-by bank checks. All checks shall
be made payable to the Principal of - the
school and endorsed by the latter tothe order
of the payee. A check thus presented to the
Principal shall be accompanied by the item-
ized bill or bills in» payment. of which the
check is: drawn.

CHAPTER IX
MISCELLANEOUS

ARTICLE I
Vacancies

Section 1. In case a vacancy occurs in an

ARGO

office filled by the President’s appointment, the
President shall have power to fill that vacancy,

SECTION 2. In case a vacancy occurs in an
elective office, except that of Councillor, the
yacancy shall be filled by the President with
the approval of the Council.

Section 3. In case a vacancy occurs in the
Council, the class in which the vacancy occurs
shall meet at the summons of the President
and choose a student to fill the vacancy.

Articce II

Committees

Section 1. The President shall have the
right to appoint standing committees from
time to time as the occasion arises.

SECTION 2. Committees whose duty it is to
investigate matters that require legislation
shall be made up from the Council.

Section 3. Other committees may be made
up from the Association at large.

Section 4. A finance committee shall be
appointed as soon as this organization is per-
fected. This committee shall examine all bud-
gets of expenses presented by managers of
departments and make recommendations con-
cerning the same to the Council. All matters
concerning the expenditure of money shall be
referred to it for investigation.

Articie III

Class Standing

Section 1. The rules governing class
standing are found in paragraph No. 5. under
scholarship standings on the report sheets.

ArticLte [V

Ordinances

Srcrion 1. The Council shall have the
right to enact by-laws or ordinances which do
not violate the constitution.

ARTICLE V
Amendment and Ratification
SEcTiION 1. This instrument may be amend-
ed_at any time by the Faculty, the Faculty act-
ing either on its own initiative, or in response
to a request for a proposed amendment by the
students themselves, presented through their
 

THE

Council, or presented as a result of a-referen-
dum. A referendum for the purpose of peti-
tioning for an amendment shall be legal only
in case the initiative be signed by at least 30
per cent. of the students and carried by a two-
thirds vote of those voting.

Section 2. This constitution shall take ef-
fect immediately.

ORDINANCES OF THE STUDENTS
ASSOCIATION OF THE RUTGERS
PREPARATORY SCHOOL

ORDINANCE I

An ordinance to provide for registration,
voting and counting the votes.

The Council of the Students Association or-
dains as follows:

Section 1. All students must register be-
fore voting. The registration days shall be
the two school days preceding a general elec-
tion between the hours of 8.15 a. M. and 1.30
P.M.

Secrion 2. The inspectors of election, two
for each class, elected at the fall primaries
when Councillors are chosen, shall have charge
of registration in ‘their respective classes.
They shall keep a list of voters registered.

Section 3. The place for voting shall be
designated by the Secretary and provided with
booths or be otherwise prepared by him. The
hours for voting shall be decided by the Head-
master.

Section 4. The inspectors of election shall
meet at the respective polling places the day of
the election at the hour set for the polls to
open. Before opening the polls, the inspectors
shall count the ballots received from ‘the Sec-
retary and record the number. The Secretary
shall'also'keep a record of the same. The bal-
lot boxes shall be inspected to see that they are
empty, then sealed in the presence of both in-
spectors. The President shall. designate one
inspector in each class as a head inspector.
The other inspector shall deliver to the voter
his ballot as he calls for it, at’ the same time
checking the voter’s name on the registry list
to show that he has received a ballot. When

eo 115
the voter returns with his ballot after having
marked it, the head inspector shall take the
ballot and deposit itiin the ballot box.. He shall
at the Same time call the -voter’s name, and
the inspector keeping the registry list shall
check the name of’ the voter to show ‘that he
has voted.

SEcTION 5. After ‘closing the polls the in-
spectors shall proceed as follows:

Ist. Count: all unused iand spoiled ballots
and record the number of each.

2d. Open the ballot boxes, unfold all the
ballots therein and count them, This number
together with the unused and spoiled ballots
should equal the number of ballots received by
the inspectors from the Secretary.

Section 6. The Secretary shall receive the
reports from all the polls, tabulate the results,
and determine who the successful candidates
are. Heshall publish a list of all the candidates
elected, and hand a duplicate of the same to
the Headmaster.

Secrion 7. Any student convicted of vio-
lating any section of this ordinance shall be
denied the privilege of voting at the next gen-
eral election.

Section 8. No person who shall receive,
accept or offer to receive, or pay, offer or
promise to'pay, contribute, offer or promise to
contribute to another, ‘to be paid or used, .any
money or other valuable thing as a compensa-
tion or reward for the giving or withholding
a vote at. election, or who shall make any
promise to influence the giving or withholding
any such vote, or who shall make or become
directly or indirectly interested in any bet or
wager depending upon the result of any elec-
tion, shall vote at such election.

Section 9. Any person accepting a bribe
as defined in Section Eight of this ordinance
is liable to disfranchisement for one year;
and any person convicted of bribery in elec-
tions ‘as defined in Section 8 of ‘this article,
shall not only lose the right of suffrage for one
year but shall forfeit his office if he is an
office holder, and shall be ineligible for office

for one year.
Section ro. This ordinance shall take ef-

fect immediately after its publication.

 
THE ARGO

116

A Full Line of
Made Candies ma

BRU

Phone 310-J.

SCHUSSLER’S,.

ners and Receptions served in
the best manner.

BRICK ICE CREAM $5.00 per 100.

Fancy Box Goods and Home-
y be found at

NS

Caterers.

AEE RVR KBOENT

Parties, Din

Go TO

ARGCHBR'S

For Good Shoes.

17 PEACE STREET.

The Landsberg Store,

1, 2, 3 and 4 KING BLOCK.

MEN'S FURNISHINGS.

 

JOHN P. WALL
High Grade Tailoring

 

 

 

 

M5
Church St,

New Brunswick,
N. J.

 

 

Special
Discount

to Students

 

 

 

 

JACOB REED'S SONS.

 

 

Young Men’s tastes and Young Men’s figures are
studied in the building of our Clothes for Young Men.
That’s why they suit.

Fall and Winter Suits, - $12 to $40
Pall and Winter Overcoats, $12 to $55
Raincoats, — - . - $15 to $35

Clothiers, Haberdashers, Hatters.

JACOB REED’S SONS,
1424-1426 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia.

 

When patronizing t stores advertised in our colu s, ple 10: HE ARGO,
VI onizing the stor C ‘a
C alu mns, f lease mention

way
CARA err ener aecenrere

 
