 

THE WEEKLY ARGO

 

 

ASE OVER

a

pril 4,

> 1963064 EDITORS;

NEXT YEAR

by "arbara Kramer ‘65
ichael Jacobs ‘64 and Patricia Welzel ‘64 have been appointed

 

‘iro respectively,

i \selstane Editor of The
pire ‘C3 and Dolores Resta '63,

Weekly Argo, announced Ihillip
Editors of The weekly Arco and

“ “Yatobs will also serve as Managing Editor of The Argo next

year,
Railtor and News Fditor in his

‘le has previously held the posts of Freshman -ditor, Feature

 

freshman, sophomores and junio. [

years He also has been treas-
urer of the Student Couneil and
‘a now Junior Class President.
is year he is the @. irman of |
to» Volunteer Committee, |
Welzel has been a member =|
we Glee Club for three
*, and a member 6f fhe staff |
» .eekly Argo, She also |
an EY statt of The Argo-

 

STUDENT
SEE BAR

 

by Caroline
group of Trep studants

will leave the building late
tomorrow morning toa see the
Metropolitan Opera Company pree
sentation of The Barber of Sa-
vile by Rossini, Ir. Zezen=
ski and ir, Dumaree will con-
duct the New York trip.

The Italian composer, Gio-
achino Antonio Rossini (1792=
1868) composed the comic epee
in thirteen days, The Barber
of Seville opens in Seville
wilt e Count Almaftva court-
ing the beautiful Rosine, a
ward of o1d Dr, Rartolo who alo
so wants to marry her, (Bartolo
is against theft love and Alma-
viva employs figaro, a populer,
nosey barber, to further his
affatr.

To fool Bartblo, Almaviva
poses “8 a poor wanderer, a
érunken soldier, a music teache-
er,and finally, after much ine
trigue, confusion,and fun, Al-=
maviva marries Rosine, Roasini
combines a se . of humor and
a good story te pooduce an ime
mortal opera.

 

JOIN

LK ELL OG Gee

3

euryz "640 cant

The..debate was judged by.tir. ..

NEGATIVES, AFFIRUATIVIS
SPLIT 1st DERATE SERIL3

The Adelphi ‘jail Forensics
Soetety staged its first intm-
mural dehates on ‘ednesday,
Mareh 27 and Triday, lareh 29.
The topic was "“esolved: That
the United States should edont
a policy of reciprocal free
trade with nonedommunist nations

The affirmative team of
Alan Gumbe "63 and Erie Smith
'64 debated the nerative teamo
of James Callarhan ‘65 and vowe
ard Ulan '63 in the first round,
The Callaghan-Ulan team won,
ilies,
Thomas G, Dumarae,

The debate o@ |'arch 29 was
between the affirmative toam pf
Mare Turtletaub °63 and David
Kalish °66 and the negative team
cf Fdward Diener '63 and Jay
Levenson '66, Mrs. Nargaret P.
Wilson judged this section of
the debate, The debate was won
by the Turtletaub-Kalish team,

 

SOPHOMORES Buel, Ip
INTRA@CLASS OUTING

Members of the sophomore
class went bowling on Saturday
afternoon, ‘aren 30,at Edison
Lanes, The group consisted of
sixteen members: owarvien Borrus
Vivian Czarda, laureen Dower,
William Dubin, Beth Fishtein,
Niehael Gottlieb, !ax Nawburrer,
David Heinlein, Betty inane, Rob
ert Kaufelt, Barbare Kremer,
Peter Lederman, David Pickar,
John Rolland, Abner Taub, and
Erie Witkin,

Sophomore lax ‘lamburrer
proved hirself to be a capable
bowler by recording a 170 rane.
The members of the group enjoyed
the activity and plan to con-
tinve similar outings in the fo-
ture,
Vol.1, Noe? Page 2 April4, 1963

EUGENE WARSHAW ‘64 AND DONALD NARDONE ‘65
ENJOY BROADCASTING AS HAM RADIO OPERATORS

by Georgia Spiro ‘66

Two Rutgers Preparatory School students, Eugene Warshaw ‘64+
and Donald Nardone ‘65 enjoy the interesting and useful hobby of
amateur radie operation. Warshaw and Nardone are able to converss
with frienda whether a block away or half way around the world

Eugene becaoe interested in amateur radio when his father’s
friend first introduced him to it three years ago, He went to New
York to take a test tu receive his license. The test was based oa
the theory of radio and reception and transmission of the Inter
national Code.

 

Warshaw constructed two PHILOSOPHERS DISCUSS
tranamitters; one of which is B. RUSSELL'S OPINIONS
twice os powerful as New Bruns-
wick‘s commercial station. The The Philosophy Club,usder
messages are relayed by the In- the direction of Mr. Sorrel k
ternational Code. This ham is Paskia, has been discussing the
now in the process of building book hy I a! Not A Christiana,
a kilowatt sideband trans- by Bertrand Russel.
mitter, and working towards an In 1940 Russell’s appoirt~
advanced class license. ment to C.C.N.Y. was cancelled

He has talked to 700 people | after he was judged unfit to
in the U.S. and around the world,| teach because of his s2t.0a)

including France, Yugoslavia, ideas on religion and morality.
and Libia. Im his book, which was used
Don Nardone, also a han, against him in the trial, Rus-
first found interest in radios sell provides a logical discus~-
when he met a radio operator gion on the relative merits of
aboard an Argentine passenger religion as we know it, aad e6x~
liner. He received his license presses his personal beliefs.
from the F.C.C. a year and a half The heated debates pro-
ago. Nardone has code transmit~ voked by this collection of
ters adaptable for Atl. ,F.Mo.» essays have, on ocsasion, coR=
and 8.3.Be Because of limit- tinued for many minutes after
edtime, his plans for construct- | the period's end,
ion of a kilowatt amplifier will These debates, combined
beacarried out when he has more with Mr, Faskin's desira to
free time. cover more material tham the
Nardone has handled cross=- club haa berma able to in the
country messages. Anyone inter= past, has forced him to sched~
ested in visiting these stat- ule Monday meetings in addition
ions is cordially invited. to the regular Friday club
meetings.

TT

 

VARSITY DROPS SECOND
SCRIMMAGE TO EDISON

The Rutgers Prep baseball ;
team scrimmaged the Edison High NIDON'T FORGETIS
Sehool baseball team on Aprile.

The Prep team lost 7-1. The Prep- SPRING DANCE

sters made four hits, one each ae

by Ray leachey, Billy Landau, SMURVAY NIGHT
Jeff Kirsch, and Mike Jacobs, AD THE GYM
as opposed to six hits by the

Edigon team. The lone Prep rus 8:00 = 11330

was scored when Jeff Kirsch
doubled with a man on second.
Chorlie Collard pitched the

 

first five innings while Brett Vol.1, No.? April 4, 1963
Lane went the rest of the way.
The coach. Mr. Robert Reisener THE WEEKLY ARGO

was satisfied with the pitchisg
but emphasized the need for bet- | Editor: Phillip Shapire ‘63
ter defensive piay and hitting
strength. The Prep batters struck | Agat. Editor: Jeam Ehrlich ‘63
out only three times, a great
improvement over previeus scrim- Staff: Welzel, Jacobse, G.Spire
wages. Mr. Riesener plana more
scrimmages in order to get the Diemer, Ulam.
baseball team im ahape for the
season's opener against James~
burg, April 10th

 

 

 
