Zh

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Editorials

The American Indians
The Old Maid Again
Skating

Personal

Report of Committee
In Memoriam.
Our Glee Club
Squeaks

 

 

 

 

 
   

Hats.

New and Nobby Styles for Young Men a special feature.

UNDERWEA Rane only first-class $2 Derby in

mer Ba

RT
“iJ. * S. ¥ sedis Seat:

Stock,

Elegant and Stylish, always in
were

- {T.
No. 29 CHURCH STREE

 

THE FREDONIAN
+ »Publishing « House,«

jo and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR

FIRST-CLASS PRINTING.

NEW TYPE AND NEW PRESSES.
The Fredonian Publishing Company,

WM. E. EDMUNDS.

SMITH & EDMONDS,
=j Hatters and Men’e Outfitters, K

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts., New Brunswick,

Opposite National and People's Banks.

| CORNELIUS HOAGLAND, | | ay
| Reliable -- Foot-Wear Shivie's A) onkstore

380 GEORGE STREET,
ress Shoes —--IS —
| No. S7 Church Street,

RSs SAE? | HEADQUARTERS

——FOR——
| School Supplies of all Kinds.

 

JAS. P. SMITH.

 

  

POCKET BOOKS, KNIVES, FOUNTAIN
PENS, FANCY GOops, PICTURES

‘RUTGERS

Opposite Rutgers College
Grammar School.

EDW. D. PALMER,

DRUGGIST.

 

Merchant Tailors

AND

  
     

GOODS

A SPECIALTY.
1 Paterson Block.

 

 

 

AND FRAMES, GAMES AND
| NOVELTIES.

 

even higher prices.

silk, or both, are apt to be inferior,
are built in the most

 

   
  

Honest Fall Overcoats for as little as
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25.

If a low-priced coat has silk trimmin

; th substantial manner. We 1
facings or linings only in the better

fies the cost of good stuff inside and out.
Autumn Suits are likewise ready,
ry Oat! péintswithin one hundred milés if Ni York le
= Blake CC ne

Sse sete

ew York, Oct. 1st, 1890.

ten dollars ; but the range
We sell many vat

gs, either the cloth or the
Our medium Priced overcoats
se silk sleeves,

grades, where the price justi-

THREE
BRO,
sonia” | Mg.

the city:

 

 

 
Vow. I

“Ebe. Argo:

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

 

Rutgers College Preparatory School,

 

Vou. IL.

New Buunswicn, N. J, JAN., 1991, No. 4.

 

BOARD OF EDIToRs:
C, W. GULICK, ‘31, 4, P. STOUT, ‘91,
Senior Editors,
J.B. JENNINGS, 92. W.B COLLIER, '@. SITUBEL K. SIVER. ‘9,
Associate Editors.

A. SCHUYLER CLARK, ‘91, -I. K. PAINTER, '91,

Business Managers.
epee eee meee ene en

 

2 eee ema Ee
ve cents, ©
All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,

CW. Gurick, New Brunswick, N.J..and must be accompanied
with the name of the author,

One copy, one year, seventy-

 

 

HE ARGO is a year and an issue old and, to
celebrate its first issue in 1891, it comes out
in a new cover.

This was given by one of the paper's warmest
friends, Prof. Cummings, who has always aided
‘Tue Arco with his advice and interest, and has
now supplied one of its greatest needs.

The cover was designed by a member of the
class of ‘95 and, not blowing our own trumpet, we
leave it to the readers to judge of its merits. It
will be noticed that there are books in the design
as well as various articles used for sports and
pleasure. These show that we are students. The
prominence of the quills ought to be a hint to
many to write for Tue Arco. It will be: seen
that the old historic name of the school, dear to
most of us, has been retained. Even if the Gram-
mar has been changed to /’reparutory, we hope
that the old name will not die out. The Gram-
mar School has a lustory of which to be proud
and Tue Arco will try to keep that in mind.

In behalf of the school the editors thank Prof.
Cummings for his gift, hoping that he may receive

NEW BRU NSWIC kK, N.

GHE @ © FiRGO,

J. _JANU Any, 1891,

some return for his kindness in the pleasure he
has afforded every one of ‘THE ARco's readers,

T present there are a number of schemes in the
school either just accomplished, in the state
of being accomplished, or in the embryo state,
New singing books have been procured, THE Arco
has a new cover, a school button has been chosen,
a base-ball team is to be organized, a school an-
nual is being discussed, and a reception at the
Home is planned.

Schemes are fine things if they are practicable
and do not interfere with what have been previ-
ously begun. We already have several things in
school which rightly claim our attention. The Y.
M. C. A., ‘THE ARGo, and the Glee Club deserve
our support in no half-hearted way, and into the
base-ball_ teams and tennis club should be thrown
all our athletic vim and spirit. ‘Then if we have
any superfluous energy and time left, let us choose
carefully some scheme which will benefit us and

push that scheme heartily, and not have too many
irons in the fire at once.

(UNTER is drawing to an end. The weather
is beginning to moderate and over the land

base-ball is once more beginning to be the topic
of conversation among lovers of the national g game.
We have heard rumors of organizing a base-ball
team, or teams, and hope that the rumors are true.

In every college that takes an interest in base-ball
the batteries, at least.

have been practicing for
for some time already.

The record we made in
foot-ball was good, and if our standing in athletics
is to be kept up, the same hard work and practice
must be taken by the base ball nine as that which
gave the foot-ball eleven their victories. We hope
then that the nine will speedily be formed and that
they will practice whenever they have a chance.
If they do their part, the whole school will stand
ready to aid them either in providing the necessary
means or in cheering them on to victory.

“
 

: NAPLES.

ing st saw
WELL remember the morning I first

Naples. We had left Brindisi the =
before, and as it grew light on this em ;
morning, we were nearing the bay of Naples.
esuvius looked, looming up
arit. The night
cleared, and

can see now how old V
out of the clouds as we came near
had been rainy but toward morning it =i
as the sun rose the clouds went softly creeping

and swinging up Vesuvius, and then drifted ae
On the left lay the bay, looking rather eee
misty then. 1 do not believe that the well- ep
vineyards and gardens near the city could ever
look more beautiful than they did on that spring
morning in all their bright freshness after i
night’s shower. By the time we reached Naples
the sun was shining and the city was getting awake.
Gladly leaving the poky train we went to the L1o-
tel de Geneve. ‘This hotel was purely Italian and
almost everything was done in the Italian way,
which was exceedingly nice after one got used to
it. It did not take long to get used to it either if
one was not prejudiced as strongly as the English-
man who. “liked to know what he was eating and
did not like these fancy dishes.” Ze always had
porridge and ham and eggs for breakfast. He
managed to worry through the other meals some-
how with the other people, only rejecting dishes
which looked “too fancy.”

The “lift” was one of the institutions of the
house—elevator we, should call it. As in any of
the other few hotels in Europe which had “ lifts,”
the Hotel de Geneve was very proud of its “ lift,”
and let the world know it had one. It was so
slow that I usually chose to walk up—no one
scarcely rode down; and if I exerted myself
slightly I could reach the sixth floor as it was pass-
ing the fourth or fifth, we both having started to
gether. In the morning, going to breakfast, I
noticed cabbage leaves in the hall, and asked the
one maid in the house who could speak a little
English what they were for. ‘The goat, she said.
Yes, the milkman had a customer on our floor and
used to drive up one of his goats to be
there early each morning.
tution peculiar to our hotel,

milked
Phat was not an insti-

Our rooms were on ‘the sixth floor and from it

Bhe Argy.

|

|
|

ity with Vesuvius be-

t over the ¢ 0
smoke hanging over

ve could see ou .
we co ally some

‘ond, having usu i lite often
ond ar during the day and at night av
the crater ¢ . one arather wierd sensa-

a dull red glow. It gave
tion to watch that glow ¢

ighten aga

is nd then brig 5

Se natin to me at least, suggested the terri-
that 5 :

ble power hidden way below it. Shee _ sa
bay and the Molo with its lightho

a a The roofs below our windows were

Sasi as the Neopolitans ane am ibid

of their houses very largely. ‘They often have

flower gardens on them, and, especially in

fond of taking the air on their

lie out so sullenly and
in in a steady way

regular
the evenings, are

house tops. a
Most of the streets In Naples are very narrow

and have no sidewalks, or very little distinction be-
tween sidewalks and roadways, so that people
walk anywhere they choose. Naples shares with
St. Petersburg the distinction of having the fastest
and most reckless driving of any city in the world.
That, and the narrowness of most of the streets,
obliges one to keep his wits awake and his eyes
open. ‘The Neapolitans are fond of going about
and the streets are usually full of people. The
priests, in many different kinds of gowns, and the
soldiers and policemen, in every variety of uniform,
are conspicuous.

Riding is almost a passion with the Neapolitans
and there are many handsome horses and carriages
in the city, and some which are just the contrary.
Mules and donkeys are numerous and it is comi-
cal to see a cart with three or four men in it and
drawn by a little donkey scarcely larger than one
of the men. Often large parties will be in a car-
riage too, for, by several clubbing together, each
one of the party can obtain the much coveted ride
for a comparatively small sum. ‘There are many
Street-car lines and open cars are popular. The
drivers on the cars use horns instead of the
whistles used here. Horns are used on the rail-
roads too, for that matter,

‘The Neapolitans are quite dudish. They will
spend most of their money on dress, and have the
reputation of being among the best dressed of the
sneer of any city. One peculiarity of the wo-
men’s dress is that few of them wear hats. Other-
 

wise they copy
fashions,

The shops in Naples are interesting,
tinctive articles for sale

and lava work—the lay
course.

the most approved Parisian

The dis
are coral, tortoise shell,
a coming from Vesuvius of
There are many peddlers of the same
and other articles too. The flower and fruit stands
are quite features of Naples. There I first. saw
the far famed Italian flower-boys and girls. ‘They
are usually a disappointment, both their age and
beauty being rather questionable as a rule.

Naples is a musical city. I think that hand-
organs must have been invented there. Certainly
outside of Naples I did not see more than half-a-
dozen hand-organs in Italy, while in Naples they
literally swarmed—all_ kinds of them, from ti
ones strapped over men’s backs to those almost as
large as upright pianos, trundled about on two
wheels by a couple of men. There are chimes on a
great many churches which strike the quarter-hours,
while other bells only sound the hours. Another
musical sound one must become accustomed to
is the braying of the mules and donkeys.

The Royal Palace of Naples is a solid building
overlooking the navy yard and bay. It is inter-
esting historically and is a beautiful building “as
well, but somehow I thinkit seems a little gloomy.
Capodimonte is quite the opposite. It is not as
large nor as handsome as the Royal Palace, but is
infinitely more cheerful and pleasant. It is situa-
ted high up ona hill and has a most charming view.
I think that view is the one I remember best, and
somehow it seems to express my general impres-
sion of Naples better than any other. It was a
lovely day when I visited Capodimonte, and I shall
never forget how pleasant and beautiful the land
looked, and how the great bay lay sparkling in the
sunshine with Capri and Ischia lying blue and
peaceful in the shining water with the Mediterran-
ean beyond them. : ;

There are quantities of other things of which I
should write to explain the peculiar fascination
and charm Naples has for a person—the museum,
the park, Pompeii, the churches, and, above all,
Naples—just Naples herself. No wonder the old
Romans loved Neapolis for all her attractions.
They worked their spell upon me, and I can
indeed use, not the old saying “See Naples and
die,” but the better one “See Naples and live to
see it again.” Tau Ramp,

Ghe Arge.

|

27

THE AMERICAN INDIANS.

HEN the Spaniards first landed on the
¢ shores of Hispaniola they found a race of
men with dark skins, high cheek bones, and straight
black hair. Supposing that the unknown land be-
fore them was some part of India, they called the
savages Indians. It soon became known, however,
that the new country was not India nor any part of
Asia, but an hitherto unknown continent.

It is believed by most ethnologists, at the pres-
ent day, that the American Indians are descend-
ants of a tribe of men who emigrated from Asia in
pre-historic times. At the time that the Span-
iards landed in America, the Indians lived in
villages, each of which was governed by its chief.
Several of these villages usually belonged to one
tribe. ‘The men spent their time in hunting and
in making war on neighboring tribes, while the
women remained at home to take charge of the
village.

They were brave and fearless and their perse-

verance was wonderful. Trained from their boy-

hood to consider all emotion a sign of weakness,
they were enabled to endure the greatest pain
that an enemy could inflict, without a wince or a
groan. The fact that they respected courage, even
in their enemies, is shown by tke following
incident :—

During the French and Indian War, a party of
marauding Indians captured two young trappers,
John Stark and William Eastman. After being
taken to the Indian village the prisoners were
compelled to “run the gauntlet.” Two lines of
men were drawn up, armed with clubs and toma-
hawks. Between these lines Stark and Eastman
were forced to run. Eastman ran first and was
badly beaten. Then came Stark’s turn. Wrest-
ing a club from the first Indian, he rushed between
the lines, striking his enemies right and left as he
ran, and when he came out from between the lines
he left many aching heads behind him. Were the
Indians angry? On the contrary they were de-
lighted. They clapped him on the back, cried
“Good! Good!,” and wanted him to be their chief.
Eastman procured his freedom for thirty dollars,
but Stark had to pay one hundred for bein

ig so
: 3
brave a warrior,
attire ane ie

&

Bhe Argo.
28

In 1621 New York was settled by men are
Holland. For some time they were kind and just
to their red neighbors, but unscrupulous traders
sold the terrible “ fire water” to the poor red man
and immediately he became a fiend.

A settler at Newark sold rum to the son of a
Hackensack chief and, while he was drunk, stole
his beaver skin. When the Indian awoke fee
his sleep he found his beaver skin gone, and in a
great rage shot James Van Vorst. The Governor
demanded of the tribe that the murderer should
be given up, but the Indians refused, saying that
the murderer was drunk when he did the act, and
that the man who sold him the rum was responsi-
ble.

As night came on, several boats full of armed
men set out from the Battery. Silently they
climbed the opposite bank and disappeared in the
forest. The people on the New York side of the
river heard a scream of agony and saw the glow of
burning wigwams. When the soldiers returned
each man carried a ghastly trophy, a bloody head;
over a hundred men and women perished in the
massacre.

Was it strange that the Indians vowed ven-
gence? Was it to be wondered at that he took it
in his own termble way?

And although the tomahawk has been often
buried and the “peace pipe” often smoked be-
tween the Red Man and his “ White Brother,”
there has been enmity between the Indian
the White Man up to this very hour.

As civilization advanced
forced to retreat, until at the present day a few
degraded beings, scattered all over the west, are
the sole remnant of the free and mighty
once roamed throughout the
continent of North America,

yet
and

the Indians were

race that
whole extent of this

THE OLD MAID AGAIN,

I AM placed in a decidedly aw
attempting to answer « Y's” article in the last
Arco. In writing “ The Wail of the Old Maid” |
showed my Sympathy with the girls, revealing some
of my inmost thoughts and crushing my stron
boyish instincts, for the time, out of courtes
How those boyish instincts bristled Up when | rs

kward position in

 

irl! I was expecting a reply from
attacked by a gil. ly prepared to champion the
a boy and was a - : rapaccealled ditt oe
cause of a ee eAiaes: Bat when a girl
“old maidish —< uch and I make haste, as a
attacks me it is too ml 7 7 Sticke 1 Mapes
boy, to defend myself, eve : Achaia: ai bes
in the awkward posiuion of a cle
tine uestion.

eae like a girl—! There! That is my
boy nature cropping out. I don t mean that at
all. I simply wish to state that it 4 a feminine
characteristic showing itself in “Y —ol course
an “old maid” does not have the feminine vices
—to give me a little pal on the head in a sublim
ely patronizing way in saying: * I ain glad that
you acknowledge that girls are supevior to boys;
of course, as I am a girl, I have no doubt of the
veracity of that statement, but not every boy will
admit it, though I am sure in his heart he be-
lieves it to be true.” Did you ever see such a re-
ception of what is a most handsome concession
for a boy to make? A boy always makes a con-
cession in return for one, and a boy, in being an
“old maid,” does not put off the good traits of a
boy.

Now in regard to wearing gloves when weeding
Twill state that if there is any one article of dress
I thoroughly detest it is gloves. I don't care
about the “softness and whiteness” of my hands,
T merely want them clean and smooth. I do not
wish to be a dude, but simply a neat and partic-
ular boy.

“Y's” artistic senses are rather odd
imagines studying the designs even for a college
Gymnasium would satisfy true artisti
As for not using the
they are bettor th
her that w
glee club
practice.

Then see the sarcasm in “
who can play the pi

if she

c longing.
mouth organ or jews-harp,

a nothing ; and I can assure

© hear more than we want to of our

—it is not all pleasure to hear them

Y's” knowing “ boys

ae INO (unfortunately for their
Families), That does not seem to agree with

€ most estimable Opinion that “a sister should
encourage her brother.”

b mish She seems skeptical
' out a boy’s being able to hold a baby and
Teats that solemn and weighty subject rather
 

 

flippantly. I know one boy at least who ein hold
a baby and keep it quiet. There!

In the rest of her article I think “Y” has
struck the right vein and the remarks at the end
especially are good. 7 not say any thing in
the line of advice for | have noticed that girls do
not take hints given by boys in the spirit in
which they are given. That is ambiguous, I
know, so I'll leave it as it stands.

Hoping that I have not made a “ muddle” of
what I have written I'll add one word before I
stop. That is that I hope some boy will go for
me for being an ‘old maid” so that I can lay
him out in fine style, prove how thoroughly I
sympathize with girls, and do something to make
me feel less mean in having picked to pieces an
article written by a girl. AUNTIE.

 

SKATING.

OESN’T a boy feel proud when he gets his first

pair of skates. And when he gets down to

the pond and tries to strike out, doesn’t he feel

just the opposite. It beats a circus to see him try

to walk and all of a sudden go down without any

warning as if he meant to crack the ice ; and as

likely as not he will be so foolish as to hit the back

of his head and a good part of his ardor for skating
will depart.

There is no need of thumping your head when
you fall. I have skated for five years and have
had a great many falls, in fact I think more than
my share, and I never, bue once, hit my head. It
sounds foolish to say that, when you fall, you
should hold your head well up, because you gener-
ally fall so unexpectedly that you do not have time
to think; but if you should try to think, you would
not find it so very hard after all.

Skating is one of the best sports because it is
such good exercise and takes you out in the pure,
bracing air. (Note: Beginners are apt to think
it is good exercise from the way they feel the next
day.)

In order to appreciate the sport let us take a
skate. Get your skates and possibly your polo-
stick too and come on. If here in New Brunswick
we shall go either to Weston’s Mills, a walk of two
miles, or to the canal which is close at hand. We

Ghe Argo. 29

like the walk in this clear, cold air, so we shall go
to Weston’s. Ah! there is the pond at last, two
miles of smooth ice.

Let us stop a minute to look at the picture.
Right here is a party of boys and girls putting on
their skates. Over further is a boy trying to stand
up. There! Down he goes, but he is soon up
and at it again. A little further on are a couple
of boys practicing fancy movements and way up
the pond when it broadens is a large party of boys
playing polo. All over we see skaters swiftly glid-
ing along. Ah! there is a couple, a lady and
gentleman. See how gracefully they skim along.
They are doing the “outer edge.” Oh it is fine
—but I want to go skating myself so I shall stop.

ALRIC.

PERSONALS.

Who is “ Sweet William ?”

No doubt but that Jesse Suydam can tell how
deep the canal is, for he’s been there.

R K. Painter and J. G. Blackwell, of ‘91, have
left the classical section of the class to join the
scientific.

“Ma” says that when he wore his “Sheeny ”
cap in R during the holidays the boys sang
Where did you get that hat?

 

Several of the “ Trap” boys have started a non-
shaving club. They have resolved that razors
shall not touch their upper lips until Easter.

R. B. Littel, ’90, was here for a few days during\/
his vacation visiting English. He looks well and \
familiar and intends to enter College next autumn. :

Four new fellows have entered school since the
holidays: Geo. Deshler, ‘91, New Brunswick ;
Lane L. Cooper, ‘92, New Brunswick: Henry J.
Spelker, ’92, Troy., N. Y.; Theo. W. R. Van Het
Loo, 91, Paterson, N. J. The last two are in the
“Trap.”

“Wooly” visited’ the Hotel Lakewood during
vacation and climbed the tower to take in the
view. When asked how he liked it, he answered,
“It’s all over paint,” and nothing else could be
gotten out of him.

N. B.—It may be well to add that the tower
had been recently painted.

—

 

am 5
30 Oke Arga. —_ a

Y.M.:0..As

The topics for the Wednesday prayer meetings
at the Home are:

Feb. 4—“ Courage.” Psalms 119: 46. Leader,
J. P. Stout.

Feb. rr:— A Secret of Success.”
10: 12. Leader, Byron Cummings.

Feb. 18—“ Holding Fast.” I. Thess. 3: 21.
Leader, F. Johanknecht.

Feb. 25—“ Our School's Needs.”
H. Seeberger.

The following are the subjects for the meetings
at the school building :

Feb. 6.—*‘ Pressing Forward.”

Feb. 13.—“ The Trust Committed to Us.”

Feb. 20.—* The Touch of Jesus.”

Feb. 27.—“ Let Your Light Shine.”

Leaders will be provided for later.

II Samuel

Leader, J.

REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
To the Head Master and Students of the Rutgers
College Preparatory School.

Your committee on a school badge have the
honor to submit to you the following report :

Several attempts have been made heretofore to
adopt a distinctive emblem for the Rutgers College
Preparatory School, all of which, from one cause
and another, have been futile. It has been difficult
to find a fit design which could be manufactured
at a reasonable price; but the committee think
that they have accomplished the task assigned
them in as satisfactory a manner as_ possible, after
two months correspondence with manufacturing
jewelers. It has been found that a pin, whether
of gold or silver, would cost so much as to be nec-
essarily out of the question; so your committee
recommend instead the adoption of a school but-
ton in the shape of a square lozenge divided into
two triangles, one of which shall be colored black
and the other white, thus presenting the time-
honored colors of the Rutgers College Prepara-
tory School.

Manufactured in a style identical with that of
the Rutgers College button, such a button can be
gotten in quantities of 50, for $1.10 each : of 100
for $1.00 each; and the committee are confident
that nothing satisfactary ean be abtained for a less

 

 

 

sum. If desired, the buttons can easily be changed
into pins; but is thought advisable that they be
manufactured as buttons, as well for economy as
convenience.
D. SaGara, ‘91, W. B. CoLtter, ’92,
Wm. H. van ALLEN.
es
IN MEMORIAM.

O the memory of R. K. Painter, J. G. Blackwell

and G. S. Ludlow who departed the classical

life during this (the second) term of the school
year of 1890-91.

They were cut off in the midst of their promis-
ing young lives just as they were about to attain
the goal of their ambitions—graduation, not by
dread flunks or by the hand of the faculty, but,
sad to say, by their own hand and will.

Life stretched out before them in all its joyous
beauty—the valedictory undoubtedly awaited one,
distinguished honors the second, and_ before the
third lay the future. But they were cut off and
have gone down to the death of the scientifics’ lot ;
and while the fiends of the scientific world rejoice
over their prey, we, the classicals, mourn our loss
and extend our most sympathetic consolations to
the friends of the deceased.

Ossa eorwn requiese wt in pace.

LaTer.—Since the above was written one has
been resurrected to the real life which may be
found in wrestling with the classics.

 

OUR GLEE CLUB.

HE Glee Club took part in the Christmas ex-
ercises of the Hope Mission Sunday School

on Friday evening, December roth. ‘The pieces
rendered were both humorous and pretty, and
were much appreciated by the audience. ‘The
Spanish Guitar, with Van Dyck and Stilson ac-
companying, was especially well received, and
Who Built That Ark aiforded a great deal of

amusement to the little folks.
* * *

The treasurer wishes to state that the ten cent
fine for absence from Friday afiernoon rehearsal
is a great success. The members have paid up
promptly when fined, and the club has been en-
abled ty buy some pew sheet music. :
he

Bhe Argo. 81

SQUEAKS.

“Drawr” an angle.

I “underconstumble.”

“Pete” says 180--104—=4o,

A girl skating is a n-ice looking girl.

‘To repeat an inci-dental joke is tooth-in.
After a snow storm the skating is-now good.

Have you any * superfluoutous” wrapping pa-
per ?

“Considerab:e many more prob'ems” are like
that. :

A “pony” used at night might with propriety
be called a “ night-mare.”

It is strange that the auctioneer does not get
very hoarse at a horse auction.

Extract from a composition: “Turkey, chicken,
quail, rabbit, and other fowl.”

One of the fellows says it is bad to “ talk too
much with one’s mouth.”

Cesar, according to a history scholar “ allevi-
ated” the poor people of Rome.

“Solomon” got a “memento” of the Glee
Club’s pleasant visit to Hope Mission.

“Ma” is bound to fix “ Wooly’s” tie when it is
ascending. He is determined to have him tie dy.

Student (seated) translating.— “The sun was
setting.”
Prof.— “ Let the son rise, please.”

Prof.--“‘ Y—, what is the meaning of a toast at
a banquet ?”

Y—“ Why, a-a kind of dish.”

“Solomon” says he is going to a convent
and will become a nun, but Stilson says there will
be nun (none) like him.

R. V. D. says he can’t dance “ fairy ” (very)
good. This is a pun asa “fairy” is * Rat” slang
for girl and R. V. D. was trying to dance the girls
part.

X.—How many kinds of letters are there ?

Y.—Two kinds. Business and love letters.

X.—What is the difference ?

Y.—One is sense the other is nonsense.

Prof. giving the school a lecture—“I do not
want to see paper lying about the room. What
would you do if a boy threw paper around in your
private room ?”

V. S.—in an undertone—* Kick him!”

Prof. overhearing the remark.—* It is rather
hard to kick a fellow in a looking-glass.”

Chorus “catching on,”—* Hoh-ha-ha,”

 

THE GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

——IMPORTING RETAILERS IN

TEQS, COFFEES,
Baking Powder

And CONDENSED MILK,

 

Gor. Peace & Church Sts.,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.

£23°200 Stores in the United States.

Y s%
ix “as
eas =
—s —_—
Lu ——s
nl at
=> —s
a7 es
ec. —
Mw A

s% =
“at aK

 

B°**: you are all invited to visit our
new and spacious store. We take
pleasure in showing our friends around.
When you want to purchase anything
in the way of Wearing Apparel, we guar-
antee to give the best value at the low-
est prices. We are the Largest Outfit-
ters in the State.
SPECIAL:—We cany

Goods.

A, WOLFSON & SONS, Ssanase Beret

a full line of Sporting
$2 Ohe Argo.
YOUNG MEN, LOOK! rr Coneae

Wm. H. Cooper, Jr.'s,
25 CHURCH STREET.

= ; as Shoes you may wish for. Give him a eall 1] vi
; . », and any kind of § j uy alland he will
Base Ball, Tennis, Receptior do you good. Bee" Prices Low.

ss gawzer SHOES!

 

 

  
 

? =
, i) { » f | l|
- , ¢ t “ I
i C yt qers aU 0 ene,
n VY 4 * a ©): ¢
r-) a ¢
m < New Brunswj :
y - New Brunswick, N. J,
; p th Term opened September 17th, 1890.
, 5
fh Y
4 | SLOAN PRIZES
=
2 o For rie Besr (Crasstcar) Eyrraxce Examina-
rt ” % = -
5 QO tions : First, $400 (3100 cash) ; Seeond, $350
ay $50 cash)
¢) (350 cash).
< 0) Twenty Professors, No tutors, ‘The classical course is ample and
thorough, Elective course in H hijosophy, Greek, Latin,
4 — German, Freuch, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Matiematies, Astronomy, Chem-
At istry, Physies and English Literature in Junior and Senior years,
The Scientific Department is the New Jerse
. 4 * » | y
So & Mw fi Id’ State College. 50 Free Scholarships.
& Harding ans 1 8 | Apply to your County Sty erintendent of Education, or to the
J 7 . | Prem ractieal ‘8 jentific School of High Grade. ‘Three Courses of
Factory and Retail Store, | Fou Years ex ~"Enginecring and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture and
: A New Course in Electricity.
4 PEACE STREET. | gnc Toerenwlaronky With ces Oot avec te Panera and
iain ratna for each audent. A well-equipped Astronomical Observatory
= A New $40,000 Laboratory
GY M N ASTI C * = H O ES | for the Chemical and Biolosical work of the State Acricultnral Expe-
IN GREAT VARIETY Fiment Station aud the State Colleve under the “Hatch Bill" appro-
yf NG VARIETY. priation of $1,000 )%r annwn,
Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR | For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine
IN THE CITY. |S. Upsoy, Librarian, Rutgers College
a! AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D..
| President.

Shoes Made to Measure.

Teaco ean |" ‘TAPMENa? \ILEER!
GEORGE J. LITTERST & CO, ——e
HATTRS ao CENT cums, Uatchmakers & Jewelers

59 CITURCH STREET,
52 Church Street, New Brunswick, N.J. |

New Brunswicr, N. J.

SILVER, BURDETT & CO., Publisters,
NO RM AL ees Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every branch

REVIEW SYSTEM OF WRITING, of School and College Work.

COURSE IN SPELLING. Illustrated Catalowues mailed free t
Welsh’s Grammars: Composition; Rhetoric.

 

 

o any address. Corres-
pondence with teachers and educators

Mac Coun's Historic: ; is solicited. }
ious KLE ieee BOSTON: 6 Hancock Avenue. i
Stowell's A Healthy Body, etc., ete, NEW YORK: 740 and 742 Broadway.

CHICAGO; Land 14 Wabash Avenue,

erst ten
1)

fy paAvISON & Winsome >

(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILMER,)

e Dru

Wo. M. Davison.

: Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Sod; :
‘ gs and ’ wey g es, Soda and Miners ;
Pur Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Wane Waters
Photographic supplies. :
on a ew ak ~ ee ,
,~aPpaA * BOUS®S «* Druec « & .
opera * House « Drug « Store,

MASONIC HALL.

Garret Wizson. \

 

School and College
| Text- Books.

English Classics. Latin, Greek, Modern Languages,
? Philosophy, Mathematics, History,
Political Science, etc.

etfERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS,

White's Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin-
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott’s Greek
Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

 

 

The-t- National-:-Music -:- Course,

Recently adopted by the New Brunswick
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

743 Broadway, N.Y.

 

GINN & COMPANY,

0.0. STILLMAN,

DEALER IN

’ oo
Diamonds, Cdlatehes,
Jewelry and Sterling Silver.
(FSociety Pins of all kinds Made to Order,

No. 49 Church Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

    

A. Craig Voorhees,

PIGMON DS,’

WATCHES AND FINE JEWELRY,
Society and Class Pins,

Agent for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BI-
CYCLE SUNDRIES,

No. 2! Peace Street,

4 NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

   

 

 

Seconp co Mone.

\/
aS

  

J. E. PAINTON.

G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

a
ar

No. 51 CHURCH STREET.

ISAAC C, BATES,

@©aterer and Confectioner,

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and
Suppers.

No. 109 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

THOS. « KAY,
Pisnos, Organs,

|
| SHEET music,
|

 

 

41 Church Sireot,

| NEW BRUNSWICK, ¥, J.
.

a

: ; Rutgers AU ollege Aveparatory School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Founnep 1766.

 

 

 

 

/

/ Se ee
' < Next Quarter Begins February 4th, 1891.

E. H. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

a INSTRUCTORS.
4890~'914,

WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,
Latin Master.
CLARA P. NEWTON. A.B.,
French and Mathematics.

 

hh

E. IL. COOK, A. M., Pu. D.,
Head Master.

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. H. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B.,
Greek Master. : English Master.
MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.
MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,

Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Departments,
preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; altention will also be paid to stadents desiring to pre-

MISS SUSAN 0. MORRIS,

While the careful
~ pare for business.
and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

‘The number of pupils at the ‘‘ Home” is limited,
ADMISSION.

Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfu prosecu i i
urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of fe sa or maine es ns will hopin

Prompily at the opening of school. f
h pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church he has

t
attended.
RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.

The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the developmont of Christian Character as well. O Sunda
aratory School worship with the Students and Facultics of Rutgers College and the Ne ‘ al oy punday the pupils of the Pre-
Sitendatbs at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian. Brunswick Theological Se minary, at Wirkpanick Chapel.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the sch
Library connected with Rutgers College. Libraries of nearly 70,000 rolasiee are noose ‘0! ‘enteae Payette Preparatory School the

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitati *
Master. These are five to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus ines ae ee in which the boys live with the Heaa
The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition. Ample grounds are provided for out-door mime in the open air,

DAY PUPILS.

Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New B: i ;
the day and ioctl school rates can be obtsined fom the railroad. w Mrunewick attend school daily and reside at home. Trains arrive at all hou t
For day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows : a
First and Second Primary....+..ssseeeesessseoees 98 Per uarter. i ; B
19 we NT Bocond nr Cassoal ag Scientific,

Third Primary.+++.e«ees it “
First Intermediate............ 10 ‘ Third, Fourth end jihad Seats :

Second and Third Intermediate....++-sscesececess 12. #4
TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, li hts, tuiti
single rooms, $100 per quarter. , PENS: tuition, ete, are $90 per quarter, Payable strictly in advance, Suites ana

PRIMARY ANID INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS

The work in this department is designed to prepare boys of the y,
of pupils is limited. Special care is taken in regaré to the oak au language of ewes the more advanced Work of the school The numb
> i" Umber

For Catalogue or further information address E. H. COOK, A.M. Pip, Head Master,

  
  

  
 

seeeeeen S14 Per Quarter.
“ “

terececcecse 16

and Scientific 1g « a
