ty

 

“> & it J}
Ve Wy = = ee eee J
CSHUNS WICK, WY”
Vai: /
ol I, Ou—+—_ eg No. 2. yy,

 

es Sb

aoe mRusnEneneRiaiE eal

 

 

 

£
o/ oo /s Glimpses of the Adirondacs—Hollywood Stillwater... 1¢
a [gf Robert: Brownings .< ecu soiedievacecemn assem It
- [fi MVELOVEd: soins banshee “aes emo. anh ea eataes 12
ae Lf Does tt iPay? cares. cee Gata nth eee 12
v7 {2 Course of Study for Primary Department.......... 12
yy, is An Afternoon in a Wall Paper Factory.........4.. 13
i ; SoM. OAc Nag oo ass Oe ee 15
tf . Bait from: Traps p.wiie eee: <a hae os 15
Pe WsrsOnalS. ciscceck 20s eae Ua pean 5
i Fare $$$ = = oe —= ae
jf NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.:
je FREDONIAN PUBLISHING Company’s Prinrinc Hoops.
4 , : +898 ae
“HJ.@S eSTEW ART ke

 

 

f a?
|

| | Fe 8900 Winter,

7

Eats. Neckwrea
For Young Men a special feature. Elegant Silks, Neweg, Sh

tim :
| } sortment, lowest prices. __
[ 1U N [) E RW E A R. ee ‘Pall Tress Gloves, Shirts, Ties, Scarfs, Collars,

} THE FREDONIAN || #RvTGmg,
* Printing Establishment3|PHARMAc

: ‘ Opposite Rutger Col
if 70 and ie; Dennis St., New Brunswick, Ned, Grammar Bist

| Unequaled facilities for FIRST CLASS PRINTING. New EDW. D. P ALM f
Type and New Presses.

Cuffs and Tey

 

 

 

 

 
  
    
     

Druggist,

THE FREDONIAN PUBLISHING COMPANY. :

2 JAS. P, SMITH. SMITH & EDMO N DS, WM. E. ae THOS. x hay,
‘} SUlatters amd Men’s Qutfitters,:< Piso 8, Ores:
e Cor. Church and Neilson Sts., New Brunswick, calcd ? 4

SUPERIOR ; SHEET 2% MUSIC,

afoots, Shoes aut Pubbers

In great variety, at the very lowest prices,

AGLAND & HOWELL, 57 Church Street,

 

wy SS Se er

41 Church Siree

oS

Opp. People’s National Bank, eet
yy MARTIN WILSON is HOP HING,* wer Enweee .
e¢Foreign & Domestic Fruits ,, Season, .

ty egetables, Canned Goods, Fancy Gro- 6 | ty q 5 qe Ji aT d r Ys Artistig Lailer

- eerles, &e. Also Cut Flowers. CHURCH STREET. Masonic Hall, Room 3, 116 Alay
57 CHURCH STREET. | egan work Guaranteod:

 

 

 

 

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, . J:

Any kind of a suit or fabric you may fancy is apt to be if
besides kinds that you are unacquainted with but ought to \”
$18 to $30 is about our range of prices for rightly made suits ?
the more critical you are the more we enjoy serving you:

- ¢an trust our garments to win their way with people who knot!
good thing,

ROGERS, PEET & C0.

THREE Prince,
BROADWAY > Wannen,

: ; a vy
_ STORES.) san Sn. ‘ New Yol

 
GHE & FIRGO.

 

 

Vor. I:

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., JANUARY. 1, 1890. No. 2.

 

The Argo:

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

RUTGERS COLLEGE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

bile UL ee ee ete et ee ee 2

Vor. I. New Brunswick, N. J., Jan. 1, 1889. No. 2.

EEE RRR ERR

BOARD OF ERITORS:

J. H. THOMPSON, ’90,
Senior Editor.
F. C. VAN DYCK, In., '90,
Associate Editors,
L, LAWRENCE, '92, Business Manager.

a
One copy, one year, fifty cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,

3. H. Tompson, New Brunswick, N. J.,and must be accompanied
with the name of the author.

P. C. THOMAS, '%,

ar all the improvements which are being

made about the college it does seem as if
the Grammar School ought to come in for its
share. Before our eyes, as we sit in the school
room, we see Winant’s Hall nearing completion.
Many changes have been made in Geological
Hall. New apparatus and machinery has been
bought for it, and even, wonder of wonders, a
fence is being built around the campus!

Now, there are several things which we need
very badly. It is true that a brick walk reaching
to the curbstone has been laid around the build-
ing, and that several new seats have heen put in
downstairs, yet the seating accommodations up-
stairs are very poor. Especially is this the case in
Prof. Cumming’s room. ‘This was formerly used
as a primary department, and, as the seats used by
boys ranging in age from six to twelve are stil]
in the room, it is rather uncomfortable, to say the
least, for long-legged Seniors.

A thing which would add very greatly to the ex-
terior appearance of the building is a good coat of
paint. From all appearances it has not been
painted in years, and it certainly shows the need
of it.

Now it is useless to endeavor to create a fayor-

 

 

able impression without something with which to
create it. It would cost comparatively little money
to do this, and would not only enhance the appear-
ance but also, we are sure, add greatly to the pride
which the scholars have in their school.

E ask the co-operation of all the students of

the Grammar School in helping and encour-

aging the editors and those responsible for the
success of this paper.

We ask you to show your interest by subscribing
immediately, and by contributing articles. Al-
though you may expect to purchase the paper at
each issue, it would be much more satisfactory to
the editors to know what they can depend upon.

Surely each one of us should be enough inter-
ested in this paper, which is one of the means for
the advancement of the school and the improve-
ment of our minds, to do what is in our power to
make it a success, and to seek the support of those
outside of the school. The fact that the paperhas
been started shows that new life has been infused
into the school, and we trust that it is an indica-
tion of a propitious future.

The first issue of the paper met with generous
praise, and we hope, with your earnest support,
not only to maintain, but increase our reputation.

 

“The greater part of the team that defeated the Leal
School team from Plainfield on the 1§th of last month
(Nov.), although supposed to be composed of Grammar
School boys, was composed of College students. Such
action should receive the greatest condemnation. A victory
under such circumstances brings no honor with it, especial-
ly so since the ‘Rats’ would, in all probability, have won
with a ‘straight’ team. Score 32 to 0.”

The above article, copied from the Rutgers
Targum, is a just criticism, but needs a word of
explanation.

The deception practiced on the Plainfield team
was entirely unjustifiable, and fully deserves all the
denunciation it has received. But we wish it to
be distinctly understood that the making up of the

team was left entirely to certain individuals who
She Arga.
10 a, 3 a ae a ee ae

and, against the plainly ex-
dismissed six men
places with men
her the school
e action

privilege,
s of Dr. Cook,
d filled their
Of course, neit
d be condemned for th
Grammar School has always
n for honesty, which we are
We shall endeavor to give
and we ask

abused their
pressed wishe
from the team an
from the College.
nor the team shoul
of these few. The
borne a high reputatio
very anxious to keep.
no occasion for criticism in the future,
here the fault lies.
We speak of this because someone has taken
great pains to spread the notice of the fraud to

many of the schools in the East in a manner re-
flecting on the character of our school. This was

both unkind and unjust. We hope these individuals
will be as careful to let those schools understand
that the Grammar School, as a school, was not
guilty, and is above such petty deceit.

you to remember w

——— —

BIDE A WEE AND DINNA FRET.

Is the road very dreary?
Patience yet !

Rest will be sweeter if thou art aweary,

And after night cometh the morning cheery,
Then bide a wee, and dinna fret.

The clouds have silver lining,
Don't forget ;
And, though he’s hidden, still the sun is shining,
Courage ! Instead of tears and vain repining,
Just bide a wee, and dinna fret.

With toils and cares unending
Art beset ?
Bethink thee how the storms from heaven descending.
Snap the stiff oak, but spare the willow bending, :
And bide a wee, and dinna fret.

Grief sharper sting doth borrow
From regret ;
out yesterday is gone, and shall its sorrow
Unht us for the present and the morrow ?
Nay ; bidea wee, and dinna fret,

An oyer-anxious brooding

Doth beget
4 host of fears and fantasics deluding ;
Phen, brother, lest these torments be trikes
Just bide a wee, and dinna fret, 2

Serec ted,

 

 

GLIMPSES OF THE AprRoyy ~~
HOLLYWOOD STILLWATER. Ac

A PERSON who has never Visited the ks
Mountains can form no adequate ‘ ditop, Z
of the size and density of the forest se Dt
of beautiful lakes snd streams, and the © DUmbe,
picturesque scenery for which these omen ay
so justly famed. tains arg

This group of mountains, the highest Sg
York, occupies parts of four countie New
eastern part of the State.

Among the foothills of the Adirondacs ‘
of the most beautiful scenery in the United ny
is found. ates

The easiest way to reach Hollywood Stillwate
is to go by rail to Potsdam, N. Y., that being =
nearest railroad station, and there obtain carriages
After a drive of twenty-two miles over 3 my
sandy, road, we arrive at the foot of the Stillwater

This Stillwater, a part of the Racket River, is fiir
miles long. Here the river, which is quite narroy
and full of rapids above and below, widens out in-
to a broad, quiet sheet of water, with numerous
islands scattered here and there. Sheltered ty
the surrounding woods and mountains, the river
flows peacefully and quietly along, with scarcely a
ripple on its surface, except when the wind is
blowing from the north.

Large trees grow on the very edge of the water,
and leaning far out over the river, dip their pen-
dent branches into the stream. Many and vari-
ous kinds of ferns grow luxuriantly along the bank,
fringing the shore with green. Closed gentians
grow in abundance, while here and there the bril-
liant cardinal flower lights up the dark woods; and
around the edges of the islands the fragrant white
pond lily raises its snowy petals above the surface
of the water just far enough from the shore °°
that it cannot be reached without a boat.

But it is in the light of a calm and golden sun
set, the wind, after blowing all day, having hushee
itself into silence, that this stream becomes ie
and beautiful beyond description. 1n its sie
waters each tree and shrub, every blade of ne
is distinctly imaged, each assuming ideal eI
in the reflection. The minutest objects: * vv
as the greatest, are reflected with equal distin

Sin the north
- pees

 

She Args. ti

ness. As we stand on the bank and look down,
we sce the sky at our feet, glowing with the last
rays of the setting sun, and the rich clouds floating
through the serene and unruffled bosom of the
stream.

How pleasant and restful it is, on such an eve-
ning as this, to float down between the islands,
letting the boat drift idly with the current, and,
forgetting all cares, to sit dreaming, watching the
sun sink lower and lower in the west until it final-
ly disappears, and the approaching darkness warns
us that it is time to take up our oars and start for
camp. On our way we see many boat-loads of
people, who, like ourselves, are just returning from
a quiet row on the river. As we approach we
catch glimpses of the hundreds of many-colored
lights displayed by the different camps shining
through the trees, and as we come up the bank the
cheerful blaze of the camp-fire greets us with its
ruddy glow. Gathering around the fire we tell
of our varied and never ending experiences, and
when the fire burns low and becomes a bed of
glowing embers, we retire to our tents and soon
the camp sinks into a peaceful quietness, broken
at intervals only by the harsh, discordant, cry of
some lone screech-owl. We W2G:

ROBERT BROWNING.

FEW days ago this noted English author

passed away. Our leading papers have all
given us excellent tributes to his memory ; and we
hope that the readers of THe Arco will not fail
to peruse several of these. Robert Browning is of
special interest to the scholar; and the life of a
great and good man furnishes food for reflection
for every young man and woman.

He was born near London in 1812, and was
educated at the London University. He early
chose literary pursuits, and continued to wield his
pen with earnestness and power throughout his
whole life.

His high poetic strains will still be an inspira-
tion to lovers of the strong and beautiful in verse ;
and among this class of people Robert Browning's
memory will ever be cherished with sincere love
and respect. But among the great mass of the
English-speaking world we fear that his life and
' ay

 

works will soon be forgotten, will soon cease to in-
fluence their thought and feeling.

That Robert Browning was a man of high
literary genius and power, no one will deny.
Some think that he is superior to Tennyson in
‘vigor and brilliancy of thought”; but in melody
and artistic beauty he is certainly far inferior.
Browning sometimes flashes forth in clearness
equal in power and brilliancy to Shakespeare ; but
it is only occasionally. He more often chooses ob
scurity and vagueness, and seems to delight in
these elements. By this means he immediately
loses his hold on the mind of ordinary literary at-
tainment.

He wrote for cultured minds; and showed a
knowledge of the soul and a power in presenting
its higher and nobler thoughts which few have
equalled. As the minds and hearts of people be-
come tuned to a higher key of thought and
living, they undoubtedly find more in Browning to
love and admire, and among these his influence is
destined to spread and deepen. It was with such
minds he communed, for such he wrote; and he
certainly has accomplished his purpose.

All men must respect and honor the man
whether they fully appreciate his works or not.
He possessed a wonderful knowledge of the
human mind and its workings; but this knowl-
edge, instead of leading him into doubt and dis-
pair, filled him with a more profound love and ap-
preciation of the Divine Mind, and brighter hopes
for the future of mankind.

From his own last verses we can say he was:

‘One who never turned his back, but marched breast for-
ward,
Never doubted clouds would break,
Never dreamed, though right were worsted, wrong would
triumph,
Held we fall to rise, are bafiled to fight better,
Sleep to wake.”

“Why does the good wife of the reformed
drunkard rejoice? Because the husband doesn’t
liquor any more.”—Zowed? Journal.

“What is the difference between Lake Superior

and a sailor who slips off a log? One is an un.

salted sea, and the other is an unseated salt.”
Puck,
——$ $< —$—$—

MY LOVE.

Perhaps you think my love’s a queen,
Arrayed in silk or satin’s sheen 5

A fairy belle from out the dells,

Where elves and sprites do cast their spells,
And will-o’-wisps do brightly glow.

Not so.

Are my love’s locks of auburn hue?

Her eyes a deep cerulean blue?

Her lips a brighter, sweeter red,

Than sunbeams glistening round her head ;

Her laugh acheery, rippling, flow ?
Oh no.

Her locks are of a brighter gray

Than moonbeams o'er the water’s play ;
And still her ring is sweeter far

Than wavelets rippling round the bar,
She is the one that buys my collars.

A silver dollar. HD FT:

DOES IT PAY?
S I look back over an experience of many
years, I think perhaps this question has
been oftener propounded by boys and young men
than any other, and always in relation to some
particular study or course of study.

Young students rarely, if ever, understand the
import or value of an education. Unless they
can see the practical or applied value of any study
to their future plans they are led to ask this
question, “ Does it pay ?”

A large part of the studies pursued in boyhood
and youth are but a means to an end; and while
they contain frequently ‘much information and
many facts of use in after life, their chief value
consists in the discipline which they give to the
mind and the mental habits that are formed.

The habit of acquiring is of far greater value
to the individual than that which is acquired. At
a recent college alumni banquet, a gentleman
many years out of college remarked that he ap-
preciated, year by year, more highly the mental
training that he received as a student; that he
found daily more and more enjoyment in the pur-
suit of studies and in reading, the preparation for
which had been unknowingly laid in his student
life.

There are certain elements of character devel-
@ped in youth that add much to future happi-

 

Ghe Arga.

ness. To be successful one must be pati

. vs ent,
persevering, prompt and accurate. These habits
must enter largely into student life, and the ne

x

who cultivates them most assiduously in youth
will be so accustomed to them that they cease bs
be irksome and laborious in after life.

One should early learn to do well whenever he
undertakes to do. ‘ Whatsoever thy hand find.
eth to do, do it with thy might,” is a command
that in its fulfillment will bring joy and happiness
into each life.

COURSE OF STUDY FOR’ PRIMARy
DEPARTMENT, R. C. G. S.

F Ciass—Reading—Script and print by sen.
tence—Charts and blackboard—First Reader ; Spell-
ing—written and oral exercises in words contain-
ed in reading lessons ; Writing—Small letters and
capitals; Number—Counting by objects-—Read-
ing and writing to roo—Combinations to 10;
Geography—Ideas of place and position ; General
Lessons—From nature and familiar objects—The
human body; Drawing and Form.

E Ciass—Reading—Second Reader and selec-
tions; Spelling—Words from reading and other
lessons; Writing—Small letters and capitals ;
Number — Combination tables — Reading and
writing to 1,000,000; Geography—Location—
lessons on globe—Land and water divisions with
sand molding—New Jersey; General Lessons—
Animals, birds, fishes, plants, objects, human
body; Drawing and Form; Language—Descrip-
tions—Reproduction of lessons—Simple stories
both oral and written.

D CLass—Reading—Third Reader and Selec-
tions ; Spelling—Words from reading and other
lessons ; Writing—Copy-Book No. 1 — Repro-
ductions; Number—Multiplication and division
—Combinations—U. S. Money; Geography—
Mold, draw and study North America—A general
idea of all the continents; General Lessons—
Classification of mammals, birds, plants,—Ob-
jects; | Drawing and form ; Language—Written
sentences—Use of capitals—Punctuation marks,

 

ete.
N. B.—Pupils admitted at the age of six years,
(Continued in next issue.)
Ohe Arya. | "4g

AN AFTERNOON IN A WALL PAPER
FACTORY.

FEW days ago I had the pleasure of being
‘one of a party of ten to go through Janeway
& Carpender’s Wall Paper Factory.

The factory is on the Pennsylvania Railroad,
just a little way out of the more busy portion of
the city, yet not far enough from it to be incon-
venient.

The manufactory consists of two buildings, the
one, one hundred and fifty by two hundred feet ;
the other seventy by one hundred and fifty. Both
are built of brick, and are fireproof.

Entering the building we were ushered into the

 

horse-power. Next to this is the boiler-room, in
which there are three seventy horse-power
boilers. The quantity of coal used for these is
enormous. Why, the coal used here in one day
would last an ordinary family for a year. Besides
this there is another engine of twenty-five horse-
power, which is employed in running the dynamo,
as all the electricity is generated in the building.
On this floor, too, is the press for the waste paper-
Two men are kept constantly employed in taking
this away from the machines. Then it is brought
downstairs on an elevator, of which there are four
in the building, to the press, where it is subjected
to an enormous pressure, and is then made into

 

 

 

salesroom. Here we saw rolls upon rolls of paper

in pigeon holes all over the room, which is built
entirely of oiled matched boarding, and is lighted
by electricity, as is the whole establishment.

Soon Mr. Wilson, the gentleman who was to
conduct us through the building, came, and we
started on our tour of inspection.

First we went into the engine room, which is
situated on the ground floor. Here was the huge
Corliss engine used to run the. machinery of the
building. ‘This engine has a fly-wheel with a dia-
meter of fifteen feet, and is of a hundred and three

 

what is called “ printers’ stock.” Near the paper
press is the place where the railroad tracks enter
the building. There are two of these, on which
five box cars can be accommodated at a time.
While looking at them Mr. Wilson incidentally re-
marked that in one day they had shipped eleven
car loads, or one hundred and fifty tons of paper.
Passing along a little farther we came to a sort of
cellar, in which the print rolls are kept. These
rolls are made of maple, and are kept at least five
or six years in the building before they are used, in
order that they may become thoroughly seasoned,
14

Then we went upstairs to the stock room, where
the paper is kept for shipping. From here paper
is sent to every State in the Union, to Canada,
Australia, Central America, and, indeed, to almost
every civilized country. Next to this is the office
of the shipping department, where the books and
records are kept.

Now we went into the manufacturing room, in
which the paper is printed. As we opened the
door we were greeted by the din of the machines,
and by a rather sickening odor from the paint.
The paper is rolled off the spools on which it
comes as fast as the machines require it. Then it
passes over one or more rollers, as each color
needs a separate roller. After it has been, printed
it passes over the sweat-box, as it is called. This
is merely a very long box, in which there are a large
number of steam pipes. The box is open at the
top so that the steam may more easily reach the
paper. Never could a name have been more ap-
propriate. The heat was something terrific. We
were told that the temperature was one hundred
and ten degrees, and | can easily believe it, as, in
passing by, the mercury in the thermometer which
one of us had, rose to ninety-one degrees. By the
time we were past, the perspiration was pouring
from me, for one, I know. As a certain learned
in one of our institutions recently re-

man
marked, ‘I hope that I may never be
in any hotter place.” Passing over the sweat-
box and in all about three hundred and

fifty feet, during which it .is throroughly dried,
the paper comes to the stedm reels, where it 1s
rolled off into pieces sixteen yards or forty-eight
feet long. Each machine reels off from two thou-
sand to five thousand pieces per day, according to
the skill of the operator. In this room and the
room overhead are fifteen manufacturing machines,
turning out fifty thousand pieces a day or three
hundred thousand a week, although they have
made as many as three hundred and seventy five
thousand. ‘he paper after being recled off into
the pieces, called rolls, is made into bundles con-
taining fifty rolls.

The floor above is very much like the one
underneath, except that the block room is here.
In this the patterns, which are made in the design-

 

Ghe Argo.

ing room down stairs, are executed on the print
rolls from which the paper is made. Some of the
patterns can be finished in six days, while
others require as many weeks or months, 4,
many as twelve different rolls will sometimes pe
required for one pattern. In the manufacturing
room we were told that there were ¢hirty-oue miles
of paper hanging. Just think of it: enough paper
to reach from here to New York!

On the fifth floor is the grounding room, and
also the room in which the ‘grounds ” are kept,

Before the paper can be printed it must have its
“ grounding.” Just as any work of art needs a
background to show in relief the figures, etc., of
the picture, so wall paper does. In fact they never
print the paper without some kind of grounding.
Huge vats of nasty-looking paint of all kinds,
colors and descriptions, stood near the
door, from which the paint is supplied to a sort of
tank which feeds each machine. In these tanks
large brushes revolve, which smear the paint upon
the paper. After this the paper goes “irough the
sweat-box instead of over it, as in the case of the
printed paper downstairs. Five machines are run-
ning in this room.

Two hundred and twenty-five males and twenty-
five females are employed in the building.

And now, as we had finished our tour of inspec-
tion, we descended, and, after seeing some of the
many beautiful papers made in the place, and
thanking Mr. Wilson, we went out and gave the

cheer,
Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah!
Bow ! Wow! Wow},

and dispersed.

I, for my part, can say that I have scarcely ever
spent a more pleasant and profitable afternoon,
and I think that all the rest of the party will
Joun H. THompson, ’g0.

R;. C: :G: 8.

agree with me.

He—“ And, so, you're really going to marry
that professor! You, the heroine of a thousand
engagements! How did you ever come to accept
him ?”

His cousin (from Boston)—‘ Why, you see, he
proposed in Greek, and when I refused him I got
mixed on my negatives and, Mehercule accepted
him, and now I’m too proud to acknowledge my

blunder. Oh, I’m his for life !"—Zzfe.
She Argu. ; rs

 

Vie: Ms€.cAx NOTES:

INCE the opening of school the average attend-
ance at our meetings has been 24. The
meetings are held every Friday evening in Prof.
Cumming’s room, from 7 to 7.45. As the lectures
and other meetings usually begin at 8 they ought
not to prevent any fellow from coming out.  Fif-
teen minutes ought to be ample time in which to
get to any of them from the school.
By the proposition of some of our members we
shall, in the future, publish the leaders and topics
for the ensuing month in THE Arco. We hope

by this means to increase the interest of all. By:

consulting the topics, those who attend the meet-
ings can at least recite or read a verse of Scripture
bearing on the subject.

Let us all try to come to the meetings. They
have been the means of doing much good in the
past, and we hope they will do still more in the
future. The members of the association especially
ought to to be regular in their attendance, and
should try and bring others with them.

The following is the list of leaders and topics for
the coming month :

Jan. ro—Subject : Mark I: 35-45.

Leader, R. K. Painter.

Jan. 17—Subject: 1 John II: 1-11.

Leader, J. P. Stout.

Jan. 24—Subject: St. Luke XI: 1-14.

Leader, E. I. McCully.

Jan. 31—Subject: Mark XIV: 1-9.

Leader, P. C. Thomas.

BAIT FROM ‘“ TRAP.”

OME of our doys are like the sun, which rises

only twice in the year at the same time.

Well, what if Jimmy and Freshy did go hunting,
they’ve nothing to show fer it.

Awhile ago some oranges and bananas were
missed by one of the fellows. He said Ras took
them, but we don’t believe it.

Rumor says there is to be another “ Rat.”

A new way of salutation: One of our fellows
on meeting two young ladies the other morning
bowed to the earth before them.

Santa Claus has bought ‘little Susy” a new
necktie,

 

PERSONALS.

The Glee Club has been organized with the fol-
lowing members :

Leader—W. R. Newton.

Tenors—A. W. Totten, Wm. Green, J. A.
Sarles, P. C. Thomas, M. E. Gates, Jr., I. C. En-
yard, Warren Van Slyke.

Basses—J. McDowell, H. Miller, John H,
Thompson, W. R. Newton.

F. C. Van Dyck, Jr., Organist.

John A. Thurston has left school on account of
his health.

On the last day of school before the Christmas
vacation, much to Dr. Cook’s surprise, he was pre-
sented with a beautiful parlor table. Mr. Newton
too received a silk umbrella from his Vergil class.
Indeed all the teachers were remembered in some
way by the scholars. Mr, Graves received an ele-
gant gold pen; Mr. Cummings a volume of Ten-
nyson’s poems and a gold pen.

On Friday, Dec. 22d, Miss Andrews held an
entertainment in her recitation-room. Although
the boys had only been rehearsing for a week
their parts were nicely rendered. The entertain-
ment consisted of a controversy between Santa
Claus and Mother Goose, as to which had the
highest place in the children’s affections. To
prove her claims Mother Goose summoned many
of her well known characters, each one singing
or reciting some appropriate verse. The follow-
ing were the characters :

Santa Claus, Frank Hillyer: Mother Goose
Frank Drury; Bo-Peep, Frank Janeway ; Jack
Horner, Geo. DeVoe ; Sky-sweeper, Willard Clark ;
Polly Flinders, Laurie Runyon; Boy Blue, Nick
Williamson ; Miss Muffett, J. B. Kirkpatrick, Jr. ;
Mother Hubbard, C. Cowenhoven; Mistress
Mary, Will Gates; Tom Tucker, Willie Jennings ;
King Cole, Wayne Thompson.

After the entertainment a grab bag was opened
and all received some gift.

On the whole the entertainment war very satis-
factory and did Miss Andrews great credit.

The singing of Will Gates, Nick Williamson
and Laurie Runyon, deserves special mention ;
while the acting of Frank Drury and Wayne
Thompson was very good,

 
16 ee

—mmnen SHOES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

to » Buy Your
Successor to Cooper Brothers,

of WV. He Cooper, ite Ls SE CME BOE Stray,

 
 

 

 

New Brunswick, N. J.

Term opened September 19th, 1889.

SLOAN PRIZES

For tae Rest (Crassicat) Enrrance Examrna-
tions: First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350
($50 cash). |

Twenty Professors. No tutors. The classical course 1s ample und
thorough. Elective course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin,
Germat, French, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronomy, Chem-
istry, Physics aud English Literature in Junior and Senior years.

j Tg pure joog
L ‘onseuurky

SA 14I4SNYW of ONIGUYH

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey
State College. 50 Free Scholarships.

*asilLo
‘STUUO

ly to your Gounty Superintendent of Education, or to the

Preeti mt of the Col |
A Practical Scientific School of High Grade. Three Courses of |
four oa cach—" Engineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture aud |

Chensis'

‘OMtonyra

%
f(

‘Treq-100.]

A New Course in Electricity.

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and |
Surveying. Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
ratus for each student. A well-equipped Astronomical Obse rvatory |

for Student's use.
A New $40,000 Laboratory
for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Agricultural Expe-

riment Station and the State College under the * Hatch Bill” appro-
priation of #15,000 per annum,

‘THVIFY UNV FTVSATOHM ¥ ‘Au
oYs Ul S9dLIq ISaMo'T Je ‘uodiOsap AroAd jo s90ys jsoulLy puy

 

For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine
8. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College

4S 20D0T G

Merritt Epwarp Gares, Ph. D., LL.D., L.H.D.,
President.

D | peer
TAPKEN 5° MILLER, Sages oP
Weatchmakers & Jewelers, —sisctitiait sowopdyce ste Hvergtnha ws

printed rules. Send 2 stamps for Catalogue

69 CHURCH STREKT, presses, type, paper, cards, &., to factory.
New Buunswics, N, J, BELSEY & O0O.,
y . MERIDEN, CONN,
* DAVISON & WIESE *
? (SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILMER,)
Pure Drugs and Medicines, Cigars, Cigurettes, Soda and Mineral Wat:
Apollinaris, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Waters.
Photographie supplies.
7 na ws Wawe » Www c S|
Opera « House « Drug « Stor«

Wa. M. Davisox. MASONTC HALL.
School and College

‘Text-Books.

English Classics, Latin, Greek, Modern Languages, ues) Wel do. notcarry: second class ia
Philosophy, Mathematics, History, eee oe tes
Political Science, ete.

REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS,

White's Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin- 2
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott's Greek Pils: work.
Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

Garrer Wriisoy.

Seconp 60 None

 

:: goods in either ready-made or :":

 

::) custom, neither do we employ :*:

 

: second-class men to do our :!:

.J. E. PAINTO
The-:- National-:-Music-:-Course, G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

Recently adopted by the New Brunswick

3
5 . ar
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N.Y. No- 51 CHURCH STRE}

0: 0. STILLMAN, | | | ISAAC GC, BATES,
repo Gaterer and @ontectic
Tiamonds, dGlatehes, Special Attention given to

: ; Society Banquets and
Jewelry and Sterling Silver. Suppers.
(Society Pins of all kinds Made to Order.

No. 49 Church Street,
New Bronswick, N. J.

A. Craig Voortes, ‘THOS. « KAY
DIAMONDS, Bistros, Orge

WATCHES AND FINE JEWELRY,

Society and Class Fins, *

No. O9 Chureh Sti
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

SHEET MUSIC,
Avent for ssa ti Neen and BI- | 44 Church Sire
Na. 2! Peace Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, J-
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

wl
igers Aollene preparatory Schoy

E sta BRUNSWICK, N. I=

Founpen 1766.

Quarter Begins November 19th, 1899,
a COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

   
 

ext

    
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
     
 
   
   
    
 
    
    
 

INSTRUCTORS.
4890-91.

WALTER R. NEWTON, 4. p.

; COOK, A. M., Pa. D., Latin Master,

Head Master. y ;
: ie W. Hl VAN ALLEN, Pu. B., CLARA P, NEWTox
; English Master. French ana ¥, 2 BR
MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.

| C. MORRIS, = MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY H ARDING
: 2 : Fastriictes in Primary and Intermediate Departments.
d Master of this school, desires fe assure its patrons and friends that no efforts will be spared to place this Instity,

fu Pen Cote ca Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; attention will also be paid to Students des

d ted and refined lady of earnest Christian character, will unite with her husband in making a pleasant and a
et f ‘

\ uupils at the “Home” is limited. and each boy will reccive individual attention and care.

ee ADMISSION.

eceived at i d assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work. Ie is carne?
for the fodivitual and the clos, that Pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or quarter. The class n't will borin
sch oor: from the pastor of the choreh he has

tion in ue
Ting to pep,
tractive hom,

ing with him s certificate of good moral character from the last school he attendea, or

_ RELIGIOUS EXERCISES. —

1 is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian Character as well. On Sunday the apils of the Pre-
with, the Btlents and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswick Theological Seminary, at irk patriek thee
of worship is allowed at the request of parent or scuardian. : 7

LIBRARY,

orities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school thrown pen to the pupils of the Preparatory School the
th Rutgers Colleye. Libraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the students.

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

iz8 connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in which the hoys live with the Head
‘to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insures-eve i

k ro) ie student some exercise in the open air.
in a thoroughly Sanitary condition. Ample Srounds are provided for out-door games.

DAY PUPILS.

z in the cities und villaes jacont to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home. ‘Trains arrive at all honrs of
8 can be obtsined from the railroad.

ms of tuition are as follows :

seoss #8 Per Quarter, First Yoar Classical and Scientific...... seeceeseeeee lt Per Quarter.
eee 10 Tr Second * a “ NEU eeo nase ake: IG uaE
ay Ls ‘ # 3 Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and Scieanfic 18 “ "

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS:

arnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, ete., ave $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance. Snites and

PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS.
is designed to prepare boys of the yo

e i e number
f taken im regar? fo the morals and lamengeg eel ake for the more advanced work of the school. Thy

ken lang f h
Horiition address E. H. COOK, 4M, Py Do ieee Oo sa.

 
