 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ATG RS CLEC E*

 

 

 

 

 

 

Semmes 8 eee (0 ees eee 08 oe

     

Editoriale ¢'.°.o.10's d4 504 stededtane ee
What Nature Says... ....0 0d .8e.
A Visit to One of the Trenton Pot-

tries Fee sey dibs ee Seer

How I Became a Counterfeiter.....

Enough is Enough..........+....
New Brunswick and its Situation...
Bicycling. 1.6 0.0 ferase & Peseta ste.
Vio. CC. A
Base-Ball-Notes /:; 50°. ).aih oes.
i PersOnalsiscewie cet hoids oe es
, SqWCAKS 5s Siete evctcneisiogste, Perc erinted
Primary Coltimn.. 2025:2.% S032, So

 

 

 

 

0 wee ems © mee 5 ee ees eee ee ee ee ee ee

 

 

 

 
—
HJ. * S. * STEWART kx
Hats. Neckwear |

New and Nobby Styles for Young Men a special feature. Elegant and Stylish, always F
in tock,

UNDERWEAR. —aye ea |

The sate first-class $2 Derby in the city
No. 29 CHURCH ae EET. |

‘THE FREDONIAN | rvrcenrs
«Publishing « House,« PHARMECY,

7o and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. a. Opposite Rutgers College

Grammar School.
UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR

FIRST-CLASS PRINTING. ‘EDW. D. PALMER,

om ST.
NEW TYPE AND NEW PRESSES. ae

The Pr edonian Publishing Company: ‘Merchant Tailors

JAS. P. _ SMITIL. WM. E. EDMU NDS. / S

SMITH & EDMONDS, [a ane / 4%,
-a Hatters and Men’e Qutlitters, K comms. “(ee zg
x

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts., New Brunswick, W's

Opposite National and People’s Banks, 1S)
= cA ear No
CORNELIUS HOAGLAND’ | Ss — ATHLETIC
Reliable -- Foot Wear op !il’s Bevis, GOODS

Of every description, from the medium to the finest oy GEORGE STREET, A SPECIALTY.
wrades, , orices.

at lowest cash 7
1 Pateson. Block.

 

 

 

 

Athletic, Walking and Dress Shoes. —+~J3.——

So" Sonfemntmeniee ~~~ | HEADQUARTERS | __
WILLIAM J. SENG, TO cmag, JOHN H. WHITTAKER,

School Supplies of all Kinds.
BOOT AND SHOE DEALER POCKET BOOKS, KNIVES, FOUNTAIN

DEALER IN

FINE TEAS, COFFEES AND SPICES,

Custom Work and Repairing a specialty. PENS, FANCY GOODS, PICTURES
The Only Place for Five Hand Sewed Work. AND FRAMES, GAMES AND Also General Groccries,
48 & 50 EASTON AVE. NOVELTIES. Cor. Hamilton and Division Streets.

New York, Oct. 1st, 1890.

Honest Fall Overcvats for as little as ten dollars ; but, the range
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25. We sell many at
even higher prices.

Ifa low: -priced coat has silk trimmings, either the cloth or the
silk, or both, are apt to be inferior. Our medium priced overcoats
are built in the most substantial manner. We use silk sleeves,
facings or linings only in the better grades, where the price justi-
fies the cost of ‘good stuff inside and out.

Autumn Suits are likewise re vady.
c2-Free delive of New York City pee rr \. ( Pauce

ROGERS, PEET. & PCO ce. ROAL MAT | Warcrt.

 

 

 
  

OHE

z e NEW BRUNSWICK, N.
Vol
Tbe Argo:
_ MONTHLY DURING THE SCNOOL YEAR, HY THE
posh

 

Preparatory School,

New Brunswick, N. J., Apri, 1891, No, 7,

you. TL

BOARD OF EDITORS:
¢, W. GULICK, "91, J.P. STOUT. "91,

Senior Editors.

  

% ‘2. VP. JOHANKNECHT, ‘91,

xy. ENYARD, 3, J.
7 associate Editors,

\. SCHUYLER CLARK, "1, R. K. PAINTER, 191,
: Business Managers.

 

one copy. one Year, venty-five cents,
all communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
w. Guiick, New Brunswick, N.J.,and must be accompanied
cw. LICK,

with the name of the author.

E have noticed for some time past that the
attendance at the Friday evening prayer
Many active members of
the association do not come to any of the meet-
ings. A poor attendance makes a poor meeting
asarule, and vice versa. “These “prayer meetings
are what we make them. If we want to make
them interesting and spirited we can do so. Let
every Christian fellow at least make it his duty to
be present at every meeting, and to help in the
singing and other parts of the service. If we all
do what we can we will have meetings that will be
interesting not only, but that will strengthen us for
the next week's work’and temptations.

meetings is very poor.

tl HILE the school veav is drawing-to a

ose, the Class of! is busy with the
Various duties belonging to the graduating
class. We hope that it will do itseif credit in
‘very thing connected with its Commencement,
and we would like to make one suggestion by
whieh it may add to its honor.

 

It is a disgrace
as old as ours there are no
ords of the classes which have graduated, or

that in a school
vee

|

® ARGO.

J., APRIL, 1891, No. 7.

any tokens left by the

m by which they may be
remembered,

Many schools which were not
founded in 1866 or did not exist ever a century
later, now have records of graduates and tokens
of the love of the graduating classes for their
Alma Maters, to which the scholars can point
with pride. Such being the case it is a shame
that few can recall the names of last year’s
graduates even while as for memorials, not one
ean be found except a few names scratched upon
the desks. We expect the school to collect
Some data of the alumni in the future—and a
noble and notable list will is make—but now we
look to the Class of ‘91 to start a reform.
Sure it has enough love for the dear old “ Trap”
to leave something behind by which it can be
remembered beside pleasant memories, rather
etherial and short-lived as they are in a con-
stautly changing school. Up, ‘91! Do credit
to yourselves, and may you have the proud
satisfaction of accomplishing a good thing well !

WHAT NATURE SAYS.

“Oh, Love, if thou wouldst ask.
Wherefore thy steps I task,

The grove, the stream, the hamlet yale to trace.
*Tis that some thought of me,

When I am gone, may be
The spirit bound to each familiar place.”

 

 

B Y townsfolks are apt to miss the restful-

ness, the quiet refreshment they so much
require when they use up their short holiday in
visiting great exhibitions and the cities of the
world.

What a delightful change from the dust and
din is the cool, the quiet, the green, still woods,
and the Sabbath silence of the country! To rise
on Sabbath morning and instead of the smoky
dawn to see the green braes, made happy by the
songs of the birds; the dimpled hills, the quiet
river, what a refreshment to eye and ear to
heart aud soul is this!

+
 

The Argo:

54

Such were the thoughts that flitted through
my mind as I with my companions Roger and Het-
ty sauntered forth one bright summer day from
an ideal country home to enjoy ® ramble over
hill and dale, through the still forest and along
the laughing stream.

In our restful hours we watch the habits of
the trees and Roger and Hetty crossed the old
stiies. There are not half enough stiles in the
country and not half enough is made of them in
poetry and prose. They are ideal spots for
lovers and partings. Thisbe and Pyramus would
never have remained asunder if there had been
astile over their wall. The decisive touch that
has orbed together two trembling and growing
young passions has often been given in the clasp
of two hands while the one helped the other over
the stile.

We saunter forth up the stream side while
every step recalls some sunny memory of days
gone by, for I walked here about five years ago.
The old bridge still delights to contemplate her
own beauty in the still waters, for there she
shines mirrored as in the old days, graceful,
but a little gray. Here are the same broad
majestic oaks; the same grey, perpendicular
crags; the old waterfall, singing the same old
melody as it tumbles down the ivy covered rocks.
In the spray the birds sing in contentment as the
summer light falls in sprinkled showers through
the feathery branches of the weeping willow ;
and in the pool the trout leaps in mere sport, as
in the olden time.

Nature never grows old. The grey twilight
comes like

‘“A pensive nun, devout and pure.”

The winds are hushed, the birds cease to sing,
from distant farm the friendly bark of the
watch-dog, or from the woods the whirr of the
wood-cock seeking shelter among the darkening
firs, are the only sounds which fall upon the ear.
Great men have gone, battles have been lost and
won, fortunes in busy haunts have been made or
squandered, our own circumstances have
changed, but the evening star twinkles on, and
the shimmering moonlight plays on the rippling

n with over-hanging foliage as
The water nymph sings as

prook half hidde
in former days.
before her old, old song:

Nature never changes, but, like a mother, she
receives without question asked, in prosperity
or in pain, all her children to her breast, and
revives them with her unquenchable, unchang-
ing old affection.

Tn making of books there is no end, and much
study is a weariness to the flesh. Let us leave
the tangled web of Parliaments, of politicians
and of party managers. Let us sit down beside
the river on this old gray stone and listen to its
whisper as it sings among the rocks and the
mossy boulders.

« Nature never grows old, never, never grows
old!” This is the song of the river. ‘ Nay,”

put says foolish man, “I will change all of this

and make the stream course back to the
mountain lake. I shall dam up the young hearts
of my children. I shall cause them to cease to
sing. I shall give them no love, no joy, no sym-
pathy. Ishall not be taught by Nature, but
shall repress and contradict her laws.” Listen,
foolish man, Nature never grows old, children
will be children.

‘Love will flow in the old channel of sympathy,
and obedience will arise from the fountains of
gratitude and love and from no other.  “ Al,
but,” says the clever manager of men. “I
shall improve on Nature. I shall domineer. I
shall be selfish and reap where I have not sown.
I shall outwit Nature, civeumvent her, and
defeat her purpose.”

Nay! but human nature does not grow old or
change.

Freedom is the sole condition of loyal obedi-
ance, and justice and kindness alone can charm
human hearts to do their bravest deeds, and
human hands to work in enduring and_ perfect
fashion the task which sympathy turns from toil
to pleasure.

Statesmen too would fain

: forget that
Nature never grows old.

: They would repress
liberty, they would govern, dictate and domineet.
Foolish men! How lavish is Nature and how
The Argo.

absolute the liberty of her reign. Unlike blund-
ering human rulers she does not make or try to
make all alike. No two trees of all the wood
are alike, no two leaves of all the multitudi-
nous foliage are the sam».

In no iron mould does she cast the water
channel, but every cascade, every pool and
stream has its own fringe, its own margin, and
the river flows at its own sweet will.

Nature which rejoices in variety and in differ-
ence, is never erabbed nor insists ou uniformity.
From year to year new forms of beauty spring
into young life and spray and bole, flower and
fountain, mossy bank and flashing stream, all
rebuke the folly of those who grow old and crusty,
and insist on marring human lives with methods
and with arts unkind and unnatural. Let us
then study Nature more and see through it the
giander beauties of Nature's God.

A VISIT TO ONE OF THE TRENTON
POTTERIES.
“ ee see the sights this morning,” suggested
one of my companions. “ Now that our
business is over I would like to get a glimpse of
what Trenton and its famous buildings are like.”

We held a consultation and agreed to take a
day off and “do” the town. We had all seen the
State house, so turned our attention to other
sights. But it was hard to decide where to be-
gin. Strawberry wanted to go to the penitentiary,
Snid yearned for the asylum, Hank vehemently
argued in behalf of the poor house, while Josh
hinted at the Normal School, but I had been
through the last named the day before and judged
it unsafe for the other fellows to visit (the girls
experiment in chemistry, you know). So the
suggestion why not take in one of the potteries
was received as the fifth vote, and it carried the
day.

Strawberry saw that his only chance of seeing
the penitentiary walls from the outside was gone.
Snid, with vain regret beheld his beloved asylum
Hanky lost his only
chance of going to the poorhouse until he ia

fading in the distance.

 

59

brought there in the full prime of his old age.
Josh renounced the Normal School with a sigh
and was heard to mutter under his breath,

* ** Of all sad words of tongue or pen,

The saddest are these—it might have been.”

To the potteries then became our cry. I had
said that my friend in the ‘ Glenwood” probably
would be very glad to show us through. There-
fore the fellows could not miss the chance to visit
the most famous industry in Trenton. We found
the pottery with little delay, and as good luck
would have it, my friend appeared in the door-
way taking a breath of fresh air. He greeted us
cordially and looked the crowd over with a kindly
glance, saying, “ Did you come on a tour of in-
spection ?” Learning our desire, he piloted us
through the lower floor, dodging piles of half dried
plates and cups on the board racks, Strawberry
managing never to knock down more than two at
atime. We passed several wheels, the flat circu-
lar discs whirling around, now faster now slower,
as the workmen regulated it with the brake. As
we paused to watch a swiftly revolving wheel our
guide receiving a mass of wet clay from an as-
sistant, slopped it on the disk, and we watched a
cup grow under the magic touch of his hands,
complete except for the handle, which he told us
would be put on in another room. Another ball
of clay went on the wheel and in less time than
it takes to write about it, a small flat bottomed
saucer appeared, this grew with lightning-like
rapidity into a graceful vase, whose changing out-
lines seemed more artistic each moment. The
vase descended again and the plastic clay took on
the form of a sugar bowl. With a small rule the
artist, as we now felt constrained to call him,
measured the top of the bowl, and with a second
small lump of clay he fashioned a pretty and close
fitting cover in a twinkling.

“ Yes,” he said, ‘most of this work is done by
two educated organs—the hand and eye. In
making cups and saucers for example, I often
make dozen after dozen and they vary so littie
On these
wheels varying in size, the largest meat dishes are
turned,”

that the difference is imperceptible.

 
56

From the wheel-room we passed to the base
ment where the clay is ground to the fineness of
very fine flour and mixed in great machines by
means of paddle-wheels. After being thorouglay
mixed the clay is put under powerful pressure to
drive out the air which is liable to cause fractures
in the baking if left in the clay. Our guide here
told me that Trenton contained more potteries
than the rest of the United States put together. I
asked why. He said he could not tell. I  sug-
gested that the clay might be of a better quality
in that vicinity. He said no; that it was very in-
ferior; that by far the most was imported.

As our time was limited we were forced,
though regretfully, to hasten through the other in-
teresting parts of the vast establishment, the en-
ormous kilns holding tons of heated crockery were
passed by with a glance. The drying, painting
and decorating rooms were hurried through, al-
though the latter process was very interesting.

We next came upon rows of boys stamping out
the handles of the thousands of cups awaiting them
in the racks of the drying room. The handle is
made in a mould, and when both it and the cup
are nearly dry, the place on the cup where the
handle shculd be affixed is moistened with a damp
sponge as is also the handle; the latter is stuck
in place and dries there.

We passed men stamping out by machinery the
castors that we are so familiar with. A little of
the clay as fine as dust is swept into the opening,
a few drops of oil, and down comes tke die and
four castors are ready made except for the
glazing. ‘This is simply a white, starchy looking
preparation into which the plates are dipped after
the first firing, and when they come out of the
furnace again they have that hard glossy appear-
ance we are so familiar with. After glazing the
dish is done, ard so we, after following an adven-
turous plate from the wheel until we saw its mate
dipped in the finishing coat of glaze, felt bound
for the outer world, and expressing our thanks to
our kind-hearted friend, we wended our way
peacefully trainward, and our visit to a Trenton

pottery was over. Benj. WHITTLESTICKS.

The Argo.

HOW I BECAME A COUNTERFEITER.

ES, unusual adventures are encountered by
Y lawyers aside from their regular profes-
sional duties, remarked an eminent Western law-
yer while “ swapping yarns” one cold night last
Winter, with the boys gathered around a glowing
fire in the hotel of an Iowa town. Now, boys,
Tl tell you how I joined a gang of counterfeit-
ers when a young man. The first town in which
I settled had for some time been flooded with
the queer, and so close was tbe imitation that
the sharpest business men were nipped. The
authorities had been baffled for months in trying
to unearth the gang who were known to be in or
near the town, and though every reasonable clue
had been worked, nothing satisfactury was dis-
covered and the people began to refuse to take
silver coin. Iwasa young lawyer just begin-
ning life,and not burdened with too much ready
cash, so I began to think how I could further
the ends of justice and at the same time secure
the rewards offered for the detection of the gang.
Although repeated efforts had been made to fix
suspicion on several well known characters
nothing definite was learned, still the spurious
silver was being “shoved” to an alarming ex-
tent, entailing great loss upon the people.

While thinking the matter over on my re-
turn home one evening, I passed two men in
earnest conversation, and when just opposite
them I overheard the remark, “we must make
enough to last some time,” which induced me
to turn around, when I recognized one of them
as a well known citizen.

The remark, in connection with the all absorb-
ing topic of conversation among the people
aroused my suspicions, and before going to
sleep that night, I formed a plan for “ working
up the case,” and in my dreams was indulgit
in the luxuries the reward would purchase.

The next day after making some cautious in-
quiries about the men, I made it my business to
meet them, and threw out some hints about be-
ing hard up, and pouring some professional
slang into my conversation. They nibbled at
the bait by showing a desire to become better

o
IS
The

acquainted with me, which confirmed my suspi-
cions, but I was careful not to arouse them
against me. After a few weeks acquaintance, I
boldly declared myself a nember of awell known
New York gang, who they admitted were their
friends.

Conyinced that Iwas on the right track, I
went to the authorities and offered to deliver the
gang into their hands if they would protect me.

Although curious to know my plan of opera-
tions and who I suspected, I refused to tell
them, and also requested that they would not
notice me in any manner until I gave them per-
mission to do so, or our birds would scent the
little game. They agreed to my plan, and I be-
gan to spread the net.

On my next interview I boldly told them I

wanted to resume my old business of “ shoving
the queer,” and they admitted that they were
in the “business”? and would propose me as a
member of the gang the next night. I took
$20 of the “queer” as a starter, and
if successful with this could get more, which
I gladly assented. I got the same amount
of good money changed into small coin and
placed the counterfeit money in my trunk and
gave my colleagues about $16 in good coin,
which fully established their confidence in my
sincerity and success, and induced them to
promise me an introduction to the whole gang
and their retreats.

On the night appointed, they took me to an
isolated frame cottage near the city, where I was
surprised to meet four other well known citizens,
who received me as a brother laborer.

I continued exchanging the money in the same
manner as I did the first lot, carefully avoiding
any communication with the authorities, but
could not for some time gain the consent of my
friends to allow me to enter the fuctory or mint
while in operation; but after meeting with such
great success in a field that had been so well
worked, I was promised the coveted privilege on
a certain night of seeing Uncle Sam’s way of en-
riching his children

I will not describe the process by which dis-
honest toil and industry was so abundantly re-

Argo. 7

wn

warded by my friends, who worked while
others slept, to increase the wealth of the world.
My object now being attained, I placed myself
in communication with the authorities to aid me
in springing the trap and bagging the game; but
knowing that my life would not be worth a coun-
terfeit dollar if my friends suspected me for an
instant, I planned to be captured with them
while at work to insure conviction, but to be al-
lowed to escape by means of a given signal, well
knowing if my friends were all captured and cén-
victed, their relatives would avenge them if the
truth was suspected.

The night was appointed when a large posse
of men should quietly surround the house while
we were at work. I went to the scene of opera-
tions toward midnight, realizing how slight a
mistake in our plans would deprive me of life and
the benefit of the reward in this world at least.
After beginning work I made an excuse to visit
one of the upper rooms to unfasten the window
and blinds, and in the course of conversation on
my return to the mint, suggested that if at any
time we should be surprised each one should
jump for a different door or window in order to
standa better chance of escape. This was agreed
to by all, and we continued work until after
midnight, when, without warning, there was a
sharp knock on the door and a demand for ad-
mittanee. The look of surprise and fear on all
our faces was indescribable, and with one im-
pulse we prepared to eseape without any attempt
to defend ourselves. I, of course, rushed to the
upper window, pistol in hand, ready to shoot
down any of the men who might yet suspect me.
barring the door of the room to prevent any of
them following me. I opened the shutters, gave
the signal and leaped into the arms of the Sher-
iff himself, while his men captured the rest with-
out firing a shot. The tools were enough to
convict my friends, who were found guilty and
sent up for long terms, while the member of the
gang who escaped received the rewards and
left the town the same night for a more con-
genial climate, but heard afterwards that his
friends refused to bring evidence against him at
the trial, and never suspected how they were

 

 
 

58 The Argo.

discovered, and I have never called to tell them
how the most profitable industry in the town
was thrown into bankruptcy. Rex.

 

ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.

oe superfluity causes ambiguity is a truth
well established in language, and if we stop
to consider, we see that it is not only true con-
cerning our language, but also very marked in our
manners, dress and that which develops us physi-
cally. ‘This world is a place in which to think, act
and appear well, else God would not have given
it to us, filled with its many beauties, all in such
perfect harmony.

But to act our part well does not mean ageneral
display of airs on special occasions. If you see a
young man promenading the street with tie superb-
ly adjusted, clothes “ fitting to the letter,” and
daintily swinging a bamboo, and probably also pol-
luting himself and the air about him with an
abominable cigarette, follow that same young man
into society. Here you find him talking nonsense
with all the silly girls and bowing low to all to
whom he may be introduced, thus exerting an un-
necessary amout of physical strength.

What conclusion can you draw from such a dis-
play? He is nothing but a bundle of superfluity,
He signifies nothing unless perhaps to remind you
of a parasite. He spends his father’s money on
good clothes and cigarettes, and wastes his time
and vitality in wearing out the one and evaporat
ing the other.

Superfluity of manners, however, is not found
among the gentlemen alone. The ladies come in
for their share, and a large share it is too. In
society you hear them talking with fine accent and
an exquisite lisp, and see them displaying such a
pleasant and knowing expression of countenance
that it would take a person of ordinary under-
standing about two minutes to read their whole

character. If one is asked to play and sing, and
the patience of the invitor holds out to urge until
she has made all imaginable excuses (and been
treated to her satisfaction,) she takes her place at
the piano; and now listen! You, perhaps, are
pleased with the melody, but you are led to ask in
what language the lady expresses her thoughts.

 

 

 

This class of both ladies and gentlemen not only
put on a great deal in society, but also leave offa
great deal in the home circle. They are surly at
breakfast, impertinent at dinner, and cross at sup-
per. In fact they are generally disagreeable to
father, mother, brother and sisters the entire day,
forgetting that to act their part well is to be the
same at home, on the street and in society.

But manners do not make men or women. We
may act the most becomingly and yet so array
ourselves that we appear revolting to those with
whom we come in contact. The ladies wear fore-
tops and the gentlemen imitate the porcupine with
hair on end. ‘hus the difference between man
and beast is getting to be so slight that it is diffi-
cult to distinguish at all times. You are some-
times struck with an apparition which resembles a
beanpole, and again by another which reminds you
of a partially inflated balloon. You start in amaze-
ment, thinking that at last the great invention of
an aereal car which can be propelled at will has
been accomplished. On being told, however,
that it is a woman, you suddenly collapse, remem-
bering that it was a woman who first tempted
man; and, if she appear in such forms, no knowing
what new ideas may be in her head.

Our advice to the young ladies is that you take
some of those unnecessary yards of cloth you have
draped around you and make a dress for some one
of the shivering children you see on the streets.
And to the young man of ribbons and cigarettes
we would say, give your stock of perfumed hair oil
to some garbage gatherer to grease his squeaking
wheelbarrow ; use the time you spend in adjusting
your necktie and coaxing your mustache in getting
your lessons, and at the close of the year you will
be more of aman than you ever were before.

In these days of Republican freedom and plenty
man’s propensities show themselves in many ways,
The student goes home at night tired, and to use
Many
good things of life being set before him he par-
Ac-
company this same student to the class room on
The
teacher asks the cause, and receives as an answer
not, I ate a superfluous amount of food for my

his own expression, “hungry as a bear.”
takes of them, and does it exceedingly well.

the following day. Here of course he fails.
The Argo,

supper which made me feel sty
terrible headache last night, an
had to go to bed.”

As students we need to remember that we are
not automatons, placed here to 80 through with a
certain form of speech anda fixed mann
pearing, nor wax figures to be dressed up
ed at; but asit takes facts to establish a
soit takes realities to produce men,
how much, but how well, for “ Enou
even of a good thing.

pid, but “T had a
d_ was so sleepy I

er of ap-
and look-
theorem,
It is not
gh is Enough”

 

NEW BRUNSWICK AND ITS SITUATION,

i the banks of that most crooked of all crook-

ed rivers, the Raritan, about fourteen miles
from its mouth, is situated the city of New Bruns-
wick. Having been founded more than a century
and a half ago it is one of the oldest towns in New
Jersey.

A traveler riding on the cars from New York to
Philadelphia will acknowledge that there is no
prettier view than that which meets the eye as the
train emerges from the trees on the east bank of
the river.

Looking to the north one sees the green
meadow lands along the east and the high cliffs
crowned with many handsome cottages along the
west banks, with the foot hills in the distance;
looking to the north, the city is spread out in all
its beauty, many prominent buildings standing out
against the sky as if keeping guard over the smaller
ones.

That plain but spacious building on the top of
hill is the Reformed Dutch Theological Seminary,
surrounded by the different professors’ houses.

A little farther to the south may be seen New
Jersey Hall, and the State Laboratory, connected
with Rutgers College, which you can see among
the trees just to the south of New Jersey Hall.

If the traveler has a powerful telescope he may
see a small brick building to the west of the col
lege, quite insignificant looking, but on inquiry he
will be informed that it is the College Preparatory
School. Then turning his eyes still further south,
he will see the Masonic Hall, a very large build-
ing overtopping everything else standing in almost

59

the centre of the city on two of the principle
Streets. Still further to the south may be seen the
Old Dutch Church, with its square tower, in which
is the town clock. ‘Then looking toward the south
he will see the old wooden bridge, which stands as
a proof of the antiquity of the city, but let him not
judge the city by its foot bridge. We hope before
long to have a new one.

Then in the background may be seen the high
cliffs covered with trees, which mark the course of
the river. Looking behind him he will see High-
land Park, covering the cliffs at the east end of the
foot bridge, while as far as the eye can reach one
sees the beautiful meadow land and groves.

Along the water front of the city are the large
manufactories for which New Brunswick is noted.

A steamboat plies between the city and New
York, making one return trip every day. The
Delaware and Raritan canal terminates at the
southern end of the city and a large part of our
commerce is carried on by means of this.

By this time the traveler has reached the depot,
and stepping from the cars he is at once struck
with the beauty and surroundings of the station, if
he is not struck with anything else.

Walking out of the depot the first thing which
meets the eye is Rutgers College. Standing on a
slight hill surrounded by large elm trees, it rests
the eye to look upon it.

He may ask, “ What is that coming around the
corner?” “Qh, that is one of our street ears ; if
you wait long enough you will see another. ”

Walking down George street, which is one of
the principal streets, he will notice how clean eve-
rything is, no dust or dirt, which you are likely to
see in cities; he will also notice how even the
pavements are, but he will be lucky if he reaches
the post office without breaking some of his toes.
Whenever you see a person raise their feet pretty
high you may know they are New Brunswickers.

Walking out to Livingston Avenue he will at
once notice what a beautiful avenue it would be
if paved and kept clean. Don't worry, they have
been paving it the last year, and we hope to see it
finished by the time of the World’s Fair.

In walking around the city the stranger will

notice what splendid business and dwelling sites”
60 The

the city has, with plenty of room for spreading ; @
good water front, direct communication by the
Pennsylvania Railroad with Philadelphia and New
York, a good, pure atmosphere ; all city improve-
ments, a good climate, beautiful scenery, and, in
fact, everything which would tend to build up a
city. Such is the place to which we come to study
and to fill our brains with the teaching we receive
at the Preparatory School. A “Rat.”

BICYCLING.
BY “ ALRIC.”

A Bicycle! The very word thrills you, that is if
you can ride without getting off more than ten
times a minute. ‘The Dime Museum grows tame
after you have seen a person learning to ride. I
remember my first experience. ‘ Safeties” were
not out then and I was oblidged to endanger my
neck by learning on a high machine. A couple
of boys held the bicycle while I climbed up.
‘Then I started off, and as I was going down a
little slope I did not fall off immediately I was just
thinking what an edifying sight it must be, to see
me ride so well the first time when—Bump, bang
slam.

Well I learned to ride after a while, and I
have never repented it.

Nowadays boys have not the danger of breaking
their limbs, for with a “ Safety” the principle diffi-
culty is to keep the front wheel straight. Although
this is not as dangerous, beginners are apt to think
it as hard as keeping the rear whee! of a high bicy-
cle on the ground. ,

Bicycling has been spoken of as next door to
flying and the person who spoke it was just about
right.

When you have before youa good road, an easy
running bicycle, a nice cool suit, a good compan-
ion, and can go out in the country at this season

of the year and see the green grass and wild
flowers growing, the trees blossoming and hear the
birds singing, what more can a person desire.

Then again it has another advantage that should
not be over-looked. Ladies can enjoy the bicycle
as well as their brothers and husbands. Doctors
say it is one of the best exersises possible for
* women, for it is beneficial exercise and yet not

Argo,

violent enough to be injurious. A person can
go five miles on a bicycle with less exertion than
he could walk one, As to impropriety, it is
certainly as proper to ride the bicycle as to ride
hores-back and besides a person on a bicycle is

not so high as one on horse-back and consequent-

ly not so copspicious.
And now what is the point of this article, why
simply this, my advice is: Reader, buy a bicycle

and be happy!

Y.M.C.A.

“THE YOUNG MEN OF THE WORLD FOR CHRIST,”
IN INDIA.

T was in response to action taken by the Madras
Misionary conference in March, 1888, that a
representative of the American International
Committee of Young Men’s Christian Associations
reached Madras on the 9th of January, 1890. After
a careful survey of the situation it was decided to
organize a Y. M. C. A. in Madras.

On January roth a union meeting of Christian
young men was held in Memorial Hall, at which
about three hundred were in attendance and much
interest was shown in the movement. The organ-
ization was completed, a building was rented, com-
mittees were appointed and the association began
at once to do effective work.

The first month only the reading room was
opened ; then the social room was furnished with
periodicals and a few games. The reception
committee was soon appointed to extend the hos-
pitality of the association, especially to strangers,
and to conduct evening prayers each evening just
before closing.

A class for the study of the Bible on Sunday af-
ternoons was formed. ‘Then the nucleus of a
library was gathered, which has grown until it has
become a circulating and reference library of three
hundred volumes.

The social feature of the work is prominent,
The members’ parlor is provided with games,
bound volumes of periodicals, etc. ; a social is held
in the parlor on alternate Friday evenings. The
restaurant is an invaluable social adjunct, being
now neatly self supporting. It is very valuable in
breaking down caste restrictions. Hindu students
 

The Argo,

may be seen taking tea or coffee
without fear of caste.
broken down.

in this restaurant
Caste fear, in fact, is almost

Some attention has been paid to
ture, and more wall be in the future,
plication to the municipality for
has been favorably received,
hopes soon to begin a more

physical cul-

Recent ap-
athletic grounds
and the association

systematic effort in the
line of physical education, for which there is so

much need among the young men of India.

The young men’s meeting held every Saturday
evening has been a blessing to many young men.
this association
there were several missionary societies working
with the object of evangelizing the

Before the establishment. of

non-Christian
population, The means adopted for this end were

open air preaching and teaching in mission insti-
tutions, both on secular and religious subjects.
The missionary societies could not go further than
this. No attempt was, nor could any be, made to
bring about meetings of Christian andnon Christian
young men either in a social or religious manner.

It was felt that an association of a cosmopolitan
character, where Christian influence could be ex-
erted in every direction, was very much needed in
the interest of both Christian and non Christian
young men.

In India, in addition to the ordinary methods
adopted for the evangelization of the people,
special measures ought to be adopted to attain the
object in view, and the Y. M. C. A. can well claim
to perform this duty.

Any young man of good moral character is ad-
mitted to membership without reference to his re-
ligious caste or creed. The work carried on at
Madras has served as an object lesson to ocher
places, and several other associations have been
formed elsewhere in consequence.

There are twenty associations in the Madras
presidency, four in the Bombay presidency, two in
the Deccan, two in the Punjaub one in the Cen

tral Province, one in the Northwest and one in
Sind.

A common interest has. been aroused among
these associations and a convention, the first in
India, will soon be held.

‘ 61

The following are the subjects and leaders of
the prayer meetings during the month of May :

Wednesday, May 6—Subject: “Seeking the
Best Things.” Leader, H. Spelker.

Wednesday, May 13- Subject: “ Love Not the
World.” Leader, H. G. Cooke.

Wednesday, May 20—Subject: * Lovest Thou
Me 2?” Leader, F. E. Tilton.

Wednesday, May 27—Subject: “How Can I
Get More Blessings from Reading the Bible ?”
Leader, J. P. Stout.

Friday, May 1—Subject: “The Wages of Sin.”
Leader, A. E. Latschar.

Friday, May 8—Subject: “ The Battle of Life.
Leader, R. E. Soare,

Friday, May 15—Subject: “Thy
Come.” Leader, FE. T. F, Randolph.

Friday, May 22—Subject : * Watch.”
W. Van Slyke.

Friday, May 29—Subject: “What is Your
Life 2” Leader, C. W. Gulick.

Kingdom

Leader,

 

BASE BALL NOTES.

ye base ball team played a practice game
with the Freshmen, beating them by a score
of 1§ to 5 in five innings. The boys showed up
very weil and we will expect some great things of
them.
A practice game was also
Sophomores, they winning by
ings.

played with the
5 to 4 in seven inn-

On the 25th the team played two games, being
defeated in the morning by Pingy, at Elizabeth, 8
to 7; and in the afternoon by the Iroquois, at Ber-
gen Point, 15 to 5.

Deshler pitched the morning game and Van
Slyke the afternoon game, both doing very well,

The boys feel pretty sore over the loss of
Deshler, the regular pitcher, who hasbeén secured
by the college, thereby materially weakening our
team, as we have no good pitcher left in the
school. We expected to have him forall our hard
games, and now we will have to do the best we
can.

We hope that we may make as good if not a
better record than our foot ball team,

 
 

62 .

The suits are something new in the history 0
the Preparatory School, being black, with white
trimmings. They present a very good effect in
the field.

PERSONAL.

Dr. Cook has had a severe attack of the
“ grippe.”

Yingling has left school to go into business in
New York.

Clement, ’92, has returned, after a prolonged
Kaster vacation.

G. Janeway has had the measles, but has re-
turned to school again.

Jennings and Painter have been absent for some
time on account of sickness.

The boys have all recovered from the spring
Jever and lessons are progressing finely.

Stout, ‘91, has been quite ill with the “ grippe”
and has gone to Raritan for his health.

The fellows don’t like the way in which they
have been “left” in respect to their base ball
pitcher.

“ Sheeny” caps have become quite fashionable
since Easter, and consequently “ Ma” is “in the
swim,” for a wonder.

It was astonishing how many fellows went after
Arbutus this spring, yet while they went alone (?)
they did not bring back a great deal of the trailing
flower.

The Alpha Thetas have selected olive green and
burnt orange as the colors of their society, and
have them made up in a button with two stream-
ers.

The Arco’s contribution box has been quite a
success. A number of personals and “squeaks”
were found in it when it was opened, as well as a
ro cent (!) piece.

There seems to be a good deal of sickness
among our editorial staff, Stout and Jennings each
being sick, and Gulick having had a severe attack
of toothache.

There are five boys in school who were born in
Japan: Sagara, Stout, Cowie, Ballagh and

 

The Argo.

Wyckoff. Sagara, the son of K. Sagara of Tokio,
was born in Saga; Stout, the son of Rev. Henry
Stout of Nagasaki, was born in Nagasaki; Cowie,
the son of Capt. George Cowie, Jr., U. S. N,,
was born in Yokohama ; Ballagh, the son of Rev.
James H. Ballagh of Yokohama, was born in
Yokohama ; and Wyckoff, the son of Prof. M. N.
Wyckoff of the Meiji Gakuin, Tokio, was born in
Niigata.

On April 11 Alpha Theta enjoyed a literary
contest. As part of the programme for the eve-
ning the President had made a list of fifty questions
on literary topics, authors, books, etc., and sides
were chosen in answering these. The contest
resulted in affording much amusement and at the
same time profit. Mr. Johanknecht proved him-
self the most literary and won the prize.

SQUEAKS.
“A great many measels are in town.”
Again we were too much for the Freshmen.
g

Ruffians (rooffians) are fellows on the roof.

“ Have you seen S.’s pants?” “ Y-a-a-s, how
lovely.”””

How is “ our goat” and * Argo” fora pun? Not

ows g 8 I
bad, is it ?

“The Arithmetic class will remember to bring
their tablets.”

Some one said lately that the chemistry room
“smells odiferous.”

* Doc.” says the fellows must fill up before they
come to school.

Prof.—* Suppose you stir up those things in the
top of your head.”

Some say this is a measly school. Well, we
have about fifty, more or less.

When can a zero be called a corollary? When
it immediately follows a proposition.

“Sport” says he has to be very circumspect
about home because his father is an “alderman in
the church.”

Prof.—* An account of a hanging was head-
ed ‘ Jerked to Glory,’ ”

Student—* That was quite a choke” (joke.)
,—-

The Argo. 63

Student, reading Casar—*T put too much
strain on the word confligendum sit.”

Prof.—* Now take the strain off and go ahead,”

Student, jumping up, tries to shake something
out of his neck—

Prof.—* Have you been annoying Mr. S— 2”
H.—“ No, sir.”

Prof.—What’s the matter, S— 2?”

S.— Lost my collar button.”

PRIMARY COLUMN,

EDITORS:

C. T. CoWENIIOVEN, Joun W. METTLER.

BASE BALL.

As base ball is the only subject of interest
connected with the Primary department, we will
give a few of the merits of the team which rep-
resents it. The batting being the most impor-
tant element in our games, we will speak of it
first. A good sure batter is Scudder. The hit-
ting of the rest is pretty good. Of the fielding
of the team not much can be said. The meet-
ings of the team for practice are not very fre-
quent, and they are also handicapped in not be-
ing allowed to play at the “Trap” until 4 o'clock.
The pitcher and catcher, however, are doing
very good work. The new Captain is doing well
and the team may win the Metuchen games,
which is the most important of the season.

 

PERSONALS.
Miss Harding, who was called away by the
illness of her parents, has returned.
Mildred Devis, who expected to return to
school this quarter, is sick with the measles.

Lucius Janeway, who has been ill with the
measles, is again in school.

Remsen Cowenhoven has been compelled by
ill health to leave school, and will not return un-
til school opens in the fall.

We are glad to notice that the epidemic of
measles and whooping cough is subsiding,

THE GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

IMPORTING RETAILERS IN

TEGS,. COFFEES,
Baking Powder

And CONDENSED MILK,
Cor, Peace * Church Sts.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.
k="200 Stores in the United States.

a | * 4 *

} | |

The reputation that the clothes
of our make has earned during the
past 35 years is sufficient guaran-
tee as to their being stylish, sub-
stantial and reasonable in price,
both in custom and ready-made.

Special :

We keep a full line Try our $1.90 Derby,
of Sporting Goods on and our
hand. $3.00 Shoes.

A. WOLFSON & SONS,
Largest Outfitters in the State,

328-330 Burnet Street,

New Brunswick, N. J,

 

 
ie I'he

YOUNG MEN. LOOK!

to)

Base Ball, Tennis, Reception, and any kind o
do you good.

qutgers 4) ollege,

New Brunswick, N. J.

Term opened September 17th,

SLOAN PRIZES

For tue Best (Crasstcat) Entrance Examina-
rions : First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $3850

($50 cash).

‘Twenty Profemnors No tutors. ‘The classical course 18 ample and
thorungh Elective course in History, Philosophy eek, Latin,
German, Fre ooh, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Ast uy, Cliem~
istry, Physics and Enylish Literature in Junior ahd Senior years

___z
oe
Pp

1890.

 

 

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey
State College. 50 Free Scholarships.
our County Superintendent of Education, or to the

sply to
Pre AM nt of the Colle
A Practical scientific School of Hizh Grade.

“Engineering and Mechanics,” “

  

Three Courses of
Four Years e ach Agriculture aud

Chemistry.”
A New Course in Electricity.

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying. Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full Aura
ratus for each s ue nt. A well-equipped Astrononiucal Observatory
for Student's us

A New $40,000
for the Chemical and Biological work of the

riment Station and the State College under the
priation of $15,000 per annum,

Laboratory

State Agricultural Expe-
“Hatch Bill” appro-

For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine
S. Ursoy, Librarian, Rutgers College
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D..

Presidint.

TAPKEN s° MILLER,
@U atchmakers & Jewelers,

CHURCH STREET,
New Broenswicr, N. J.

59

Argo.

OHURCH

f Shoes you may ai: for,

When you want SHOES OF

ANY DESCRIPTION,

ii H. Cooper, In,
STREE’

Give him a call ang |
ie y

par’ Prices Love.

52 Church Street,

FINEST SHOES;

ST STYLES

 

LATE

iSHOOIMATLSAMO |

—AT—

& Mansfield's

Factory and Retail Store,
9 PEACE STREET.

o
‘2

Mardin

 

Ww
7s

GYMNASTIC * SHOES
IN GREAT VARIETY.

Also, the LARGEST LINE OF
-IN THE CITY.

Shoes Made to Measure.

GEORGE J. LITTERST & cO,
HATTERS aul GENTS OUTFITTERS

FOOTWEAR

New Brunswick, N. J.

SILVER, BURDETT & CO., Publishers,

7 MUSIC COURSE,
N 0) R M A L COURSE IN READING,
REVIEW SYSTEM OF WRITING,
—s CLS IN SPELLING
Welsh's Grammars; Composition; Rhetoric.
Mac Coun’s Historical Publications,
Young Folks’ Library

Stowell's A Healthy Body, ete.

. ote,

Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every bran
of School and Collexe We

Tilnstrated Catalogues ma BEN © te
pondence with te

is xc

    
  

mie
ROSTON: 6 Hancock Avenue
NEW YORK; 740 and 742 Broadway

CHICAGO; 198 pnd 124 Wal ash Aveae

 
pure prug

    
  
 
  
 

Wa. M. Davisos:

——

School and College

| Text- Books.

English Classics. Latin, Greek, Modern Languages,
° philosophy, Mathematics, History,
Political Science, ete.

 

White's Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin-
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott’s Greek
Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged . )

_ The-- National-:- Music -:- Course,

Receutly adopted by the New Brunswick
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N. Y.

0. 0. STILLMAN, -

DEALER IN

es + AX
Aramonds, GOlatehes,
QO
Jewelry and Sterling Silver.
EB Society Pins of all kinds Made to Order,

No. 49 Church Street,

New Brunswick, N. J.

A. Craig Veanlisen:

DIAMONDS,

WATCHES AND FIRE JEWELRY,

|. Society and Class Fins
Agent for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BI-

CYCLE SUNDRIES.

No: 21 Peace Street, |

NEW BRUNSWICK, X. J
eee oe

| sand. Medicines, Cigars, Cigurettes, Soda
Apollinars, Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Ot
Photographic Supplies

MASONIC HALL.

_ REFERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS,

4.
afer hs
cadens ae eee

 

MecDede’s Livery: | 43 Cchusch St
/28-29 EBASTON AVE.-

Elezant Turnouts always

—-¥ DAVISON & Wirsew y

(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILMER,)

and Mine). "
ther Wate Waters

& Sai
= tore 5
Garner Wrisoy, :

Seconp 60 Ione,

 

A
aS
r
We do not carry second class /::::
i: goods in either ready-made or !* 27:

 

custom, neither do we employ :*:!:

 

:ifii second-class men to do our :!!!:

 

its iwork.
J. E.-PAINTON,
G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

"
a

No. 51 CHURCH STREET.

Ve
iS

MI
“A

ISAAC GC, BATES,

~~ Gaterer and Coniectoner

“WW. SCHLBSINGER’S,

“Cafe Brunswick.”
‘Telephone Call 18.
83 CHURCH

Special Attention given to
Society Banquets and
Suppers.

No. °09 Church Street,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J-

“ONO. « KAY.
Pinnos, (rgaus,

SHEET MUSIC,

STBEET.

reety

UNEWICK, N,d.

    

NEW BR
Clean-

  
 
 
Rutgers Al ollene 4. reparatory School,

——_—$————

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.=—

Founpep 1766.

Next Quarter Begins September 15th, 1891.
E. H. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

INSTRUCTORS.

4890-94.

WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,
Latin Master.
OLARA P. NEWTON. A.B.,

French and Mathematics.

 

E. Il, COOK, A. M., Pu. D.,
Head Master.

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B.,
Greek Master.

W. ll. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B.,
English Master.

MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS SUSAN ©. MORRIS, MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,

Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Departments.

While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; attention will also be paid to students desiring to pre-

pare for business. = . 2
of pupils at the “‘ Home” is limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

The number
ADMISSION.
r work. It is earnestly

Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most snecessfully prosecute thei
urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly atthe beginning of the year or quarter. The class work will begin
promptly at the opening of school. | ,

Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church he has

attended.
- RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.

“haracter ag well. On Sunday the pupils of the Pre

school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian (
k Theological Se minary, ut Kirkpatrick Chapel

The aim of the h I
paratory School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswic
Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the sctool thrown open to the pupils of the Preparatory School the
3 of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the students.

Library connected with Rutgers College. Librarie:

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

‘© buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in which the boys live with the Head
five to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insures every student some exercise in the open air.
Ample grounds are provided for out-door games.

hly sanitary condition.
DAY PUPILS.

3 adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home. Trains arrive at all hours of

There are tw

Master. These are 0
The buildings are in @ thoroug

residing in the cities and village:

 

  
 

Many pupils f t
the day and special school rates can be obtsined from the railroad. e
For day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows: ; - .
First and Second Primary.-++ a Per Quarter. First Se Classical and Scientific... eooee- $14 Per Quarte>.
Third Primary-+ee+sess ‘ Second “ “ GS eaceoees Ie. y
Pint Intermediate se eeeteeneee ay et i Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and Scientfie 18 “ “

Second and Third Intermediate ..+++++

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, ete., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly

single roous, $100 per quarter.
PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE BD EPARTMENTS.
The work in this department is desined to prepare boys of the youngest school age for the more advanced work of the school, The namber
taken in regaré to the morals and language of each boy.

ils is limited. Special care is ls ,
ae a ey ne or further information address E. Il. COOK, A. M., Ph. D., Head Muster.

For Catalog’

y in advance, © Suites and

 

 
