 

Vol. XII. June, 1901. No. 9.

PSEKIE

i CONTENTS

 

Editorials. ..

 
     

PiiH.S) 6 3R Pl Be Ui todccess seas eens 189

Courage Pingry 15; Be Po B05, Seses os pan cve Bibce wen 140

! Commencement Exercises..................... 186) | PHB St UR, BUSSE a idco galore, watch face 140

' An Old World Hero of the 19thCentury....... 136 | Morristown School 4, R. P. S. 1................ 140
Booker‘T. Washington, 3"";) oe 187 | Annex—

Trap Reception.......... Annex Operetta... ihc ees | eases 141

1901 Class Banquet. Sohool: Notes. aay ibcdanl tekere nace oo ee ce 142

 

\ Published Monthly by Rutgers College Preparatory School,
| New Brunswick, N. J.

 

aS Caste HUM

RSS QOS.

YOUSVIIVA

 
132 THE ARGO.

The kind that

G 0 0 dd C | oth es always gives satis-
8 faction — fits the

body, fits the

head, and fits the pocketbook.

NEVIUS & CO.

| Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

TAYLOR & REED,
First-Class Boot~Blacks.

ALL SHINES FIVE OENTS.

wehaings 356 George Street.
JACOB WEBER,
MERCHANT TAILOR,

‘412 George Street.

Randolph Studio,

319 George Street.

 

Special Rates to Students

 

Vv. M. W. SUYDAM. P. H. SUYDAM.

Suydam Brothers,

GROCERS,

92 Schureman Street,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

FINE CONFECTIONERY.

SODA WATER. MILK SHAKES.
STATIONERY. FINE CIGARS,

428 SOMERSET STREET.

GEORGE C. COWLING, Manager.

ERNEST DEVER.

EVERY THING GOOD AT POPULAR PRICES,

H. M. VAN CLEEF,
Staple and Fancy Groceries,

352 George St.,nr. Bayard, New Brunswick, N. J,

RUTGERS COLLEGE
Rutgers ‘s Scientifié *.” School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

The Classical Department is broad and thorough, and by a
revision and enlargement of the curriculum affords unusual
facilities for Elective Courses throughout the Junior and
Senior years in Latin, Greek English, French, German, Higher
Mathematics, Astronomy, History, Political Science, Philos-
ophy, Bhyalcs, Chemistry. an’ Blology.

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey State Colege
tor the benefit of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts.

There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree in
science.

1. A Course in Agriculture.
A Course in Civil Engineering and Mechanics.
} A Course in Chemistry.
. A Course in Electricity.
. A Course in Biology.
THE PUAN OF

Sollese Extension
bas been enlarged. Several additional courses of lectures In
various branches of science and literature are offered and will
ve given throughout Noe worse y St such centres as may. a
@ Secretary of the Extension Di
Louls Bevier, Jr., Ph.D ere ne

For catalogues or other int 88
uPgon, cate ogue a r information, address IRVING 8,

ir.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D., LL.D., President,

EF. H. WIKOFF,

CATERER, CONFECTIONER,

FANOY CAKE BAKER.
109, 111, 113 Church Street.

WILLIAM GAUB,

Meats and Sausages,
Cor. Easton Ave. and Prosper St.

Ore g029

Telephone Call, 2114. New Brunswick, N. J.
 

 

|
|

TSE

 

Paras

 

 

Vou. XII. New Bronswior, N. J., Junz, 1901. No. 9.

 

 

Whe Argo:

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by J. Heidingsfeld.

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS.
Senior Editor.
FRANCIS E. WILBER.

Associate Editors.
CARROL BADEAU,

ROELIF E. DU BOIS,
LOUIS BEVIER, 3D,
ARTHUR V. DE HART.
Class Editors.
THEODORE R. VARIOK, ’02,
A. JOYCE KILMER, ’03,
CHARLES E. CORBIN, 04,
ANDREW KIRKPATRICK, ’05.
Business Managers.
GUY H. BERGEN, HARRY CARPENDER.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents.

All communications should be addressed to the Senior
Editor, New Brunswick, N. J., and must be accompanied with
he name of the author,

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on on
side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni, are most cor-
dially invited to contribute.

 

 

Wiru this number the staff of this year’s
Arco lays down its burden and retires to pri-
vate life. We have endeavored to give our
readers a school paper worth the reading.
Whether we have always succeeded, or not,
will be for those who look over our pages in
the future to decide. Whoever assumes the
direction next year, we have one little bit of

advice to offer. Get the boys to contribute
freely, if you can. Let all in the school feel
that they have a part to take in helping the
Arco along, and the task of carrying it for-
ward will be much lightened. In fact, this is
a good thing to do, not only with regard to the
Arco, but with regard to everything else. In
union there is strength.

Farewell, then, old Arco. We have sailed
the sea with you, and now we land at last, safe
and sound, hoping that we have not run you
onto any shoals and quicksands, where you
cannot get free. Welcome, you coming edi-
tors and managers. Avoid our faults, profit
by our excellencies, if we have had any, and
sail on, conquering and to conquer.

 

Wiru the Morristown game of June 8th, a
fairly successful base-ball season has closed.
Rutgers Prep. has come out just even, having
won four and lost four games. The start was
very discouraging, but the team practiced
faithfully, and showed what good hard work
can do.

Two of the games scheduled did not take
place. The Bordentown game had to be called
off on account of rain. The other, that with
Leals School, was cancelled through no fault
of ours. We were to play them Decoration
Day morning, but they had an offer to play
the Columbia freshmen, and cancelled our
game. The Leals School boys have not shown
themselves to be very gentlemanly in their
dealings with us this year.

On the whole, this year has been quite en-
couraging. If the batting of the team had
been equal to its fielding the result would
have been different in some games, notably,
the State School and Morristown games.
However, there is good base-ball material in

 

 

 
134

the school, and, as but three regular players
and one substitute graduate, next year's team
should make a brilliant record in the annals
of old Ruegers Prep.

 

Last things are a common subject of song
and story. We have, perhaps, read the “Last
Days of Pompeii.” We have heard of the
“Last Rose of Summer.’’ We are now in, or
have passed through the last days of our
school life. If we do as merchints do when
they wind up a concern, take an account of

» stock, what have we to show? For how much

would you sell out what you have stored away
in that brain of yours? Echo answers, and
alas, sometimes it is a hollow echo. Some-
times, however, the echo is a delightful and
satisfactory one. The class of 1901 finds the
latter note predominant.

 

On June 12th the school asseinbled for the
last time this year. After the report cards
had been given out, Dr. Payson made a short
closing speech. The school then adjourned
to the Kirkpatrick Chapel, where the gradu-
ating exercises were held. At the close of the
exercises the members of the class of 1901
gave their class yell, shook hands, and then
parted, never to meet again as a class in the
Rutgers Prep. School.

 

COURAGE.

We are apt to associate the great element
of human character which we call courage
with desperate or dangerous circumstances.
Crises, we think, are necessary to call it forth.
Our thoughts turn to the pomp and pride of
war, to extraordinary rescues from fire and
flood, to sudden and unexpected adventures
which threaten life and limb. And there is
reason in all those. Most of the affairs of life
require not the boldness which is frequently
associated with courage, but other qualities of
heart and soul. Yet courage has its great part
to play in the drama of human existence, and
that not a small one. Take it in war. When
Dewey sailed into Manila Bay his courage in

 

THE ARGO.

attacking an unknown enemy challenged unj-
When Hobson made his

versal admiration.
i unsuccessful, attempt
gailant, although ; ty

close up Santiago Harbor, we called his action
with truth sublime.

But war is not the only field where courage
grows. The records of fires in our cities show
many an instance which makes the blood run
faster and the nerves tingle with emotion. We
find the same thing true also in the stories of
men who have battled with diseases in the hu-
mane hope to save a few lives from an awful
fate.’ Not long ago we read in the public
prints of a small boy of thirteen who had been
for months supporting two little sisters by
wages that he earned leading a blind man
about. ‘heir natural guardian, their mother,
had deserted them, and with a courage that
was admirable, if not pathetic, the brother
took upon himself the care and support that
some older heads would have shrunk from
attempting.

But this is a boys’ paper, and how can this
subject appeal to boys? I believe boys ad-
mire courage thoroughly. They know who is
a coward and who is not. Perhaps they do
not always ‘distinguish when a boy is cour-
ageous in moral affairs. They see a little fel-
low face a bigger one on the foot-ball field,
and they know that the little fellow is display-
ing one of the best qualities a man can possess
or display. But do they always understand
what a boy is doing when he refuses to tell a
lie? Or when he declines to go with a crowd
to some enterprize of doubtful character?
Boys, the greatest courage is sometimes shown
in a quiet way, when you do not even suspect
what is going on.

Some recent biographies that have appeared
illustrate the value of courage. It is unfor-
tunate when boys have life made too easy for
them. It takes backbone to face difficulties
and master them. If you will read what has
been published about Booker T. Washington
under the title “Up From Slavery’; or about
Jacob Riis under the title “The Making of An
American,” you cannot fail to see that a cour-
 

 

 

THE ARGO,

ageous facing of difficulties makes a man
really a man. Some boys have things so easy
that the only courageous act they perform is
to get up in time for breakfast, and they do
not always do even that.

The opportunities for the exercise of cour-
age are not lacking. Have the courage of
your convictions, is advice often given. It
may cause people to call you a crank, but bet-
ter that than to be called a coward. Perhaps
the most conspicuous figure in American af-
fairs just now is Mr. Carnegie, and we can
easily imagine where he would be, had he not

possessed a courage in early life that nothing
could dismay.

Cultivate courage.

”

may.

“Let nothing you dis-
Mr. Emerson, one of our most dis-
tinguished writers, has given us a few verses
about some of the most courageous men that
ever lived, and I will quote them here. They
are carved on the pedestal of the statue of the
Minuteman at Concord bridge, and were sung
at the celebration of the anniversary of the
battle of Concord in 1836, for which occasion
they were composed. You know who the
Minutemen were and how great have been the
consequences of their enterprise and courage.
These are the lines:

By the rude bridge that arched the flood,

Their flag to April’s breeze unfurled,
Here once the embattled farmers stood,
And fired the shot heard round the world.

There are more verses, but this is the best.
Now, with the illustrious examples of our
patriot sires to lead us, how can any one of
us with a particle of human feeling in his
heart meet life in any but the most courageous
manner? The problems that confront every
one personally require this virtue. The cour-
age to say “No” and the courage to say “Yes”
are alike indispensable. “Cowardice shuts
the eyes till the sky is not larger than a calf-
skin; shuts the eyes so that we cannot see the
horse that is running.away with us; worse,
shuts the eyes of the mind and chills the heart.
Fear is cruel and mean. He has not learned

the lesson of life who does not every day sur-
mount a fear,”

135

GRADUATING EXERCISES.

On June 12th, 1901, occurred the 135th
graduating exercises of the Rutgers Prepara-
tory School, which were very successful. The
platform was decorated with bunting. Hart’s
orchestra furnished the music. At 10 A. M.
the exercises were opened by prayer by Rev.
Dr. Sears. The programme follows:

Music—Overture, ‘“Tancred,” Herbert.

Prayer—Rev. Dr. Sears.

Music—‘Zug der Trauen,”
Wagner.

Oration—“Benjamin Harrison.”
Badeau, Voorhees Station, N. J.

Oration—“A Great Sovereign.” Arthur
Voorhees DeHart, Raritan, N. J.

Music—Czaras from Ballet
Delibes.

Oration—Shall Labor Unions Be Recog-
nized?” Francis Edmond Wilber, New
Brunswick, N. J.

Oration—“The Old and the New Repub-
lics.” James Clarence Benedict, New Bruns-
wick, N. J.

Music—‘“Intermezzo, “Salome,” Loraine.

Oration—Scientific Honor, “Our Dead He-
roes.” John Gaub, New Brunswick, N. J.

Oration — “Does the End Justify the
Means?” Arthur van Voorhees Schenck, New
Brunswick, N. J.

Music—Gavotte, ‘““Mignon,” Thomas.

Oration—“Booker T. Washington.” Louis
Bevier, 3d, New Brunswick, N, J.

Oration—Classical Honor, “An Old World
Hero of the Nineteenth Century.” James
Gilbert Mason, Metuchen, N. J.

Music—Selection, ‘Florodara,” Stewart.

Presentation of Diplomas and

Awarding of Prizes.

Music—March, “Mosquito’s Parade,” Whit-
ney.

Lohengrin,

Carroll

“Coppelia,”

At the close of the speeches the committee,
Dr. David Murray, Rev. Mr. Cooper, and
Rev. Mr. Shafer, went aside to decide.

While ‘they were out, Dr. Payson made a
short address to the class, and awarded the
diplomas, to J. G. Mason for the Classical
136

Section, and John Gaub for the Scientific Sec-
tion. He also awarded the Hannah Hoyt As-
sociation Prize for Mathematics among the
girls to Miss Louise Marshall Vandivert.

The committee having come in, Dr. Murray
announced that the first prize had been award-
ed to J. G. Mason, and the second to Louis
Bevier. Honorable mention was made of F.
E. Wilber and J. C. Benedict.

At the close of the exercises the class gave
its yell, and the boys in the gallery responded
with the school yell.

The following is the class roll:

Carrol Badeau, Voorhees Station, N. J.

Guy Bates, Parsippany, N. J.

James Clarence Benedict, New Brunswick,

N. J. :
Guy Higgans Bergen, Somerville, N. J.
Louis Bevier, 3d, New Brunswick, N. J.

Sanger Sylvester Carleton, New York,
N. Y.
Henry Le Bruyere Carpender, New Bruns-

wick, N. J.

Arthur Voorhees DeHart, Raritan, N. J.

Roelif Eltinge DuBois, New Paltz, N. Y.

John Gaub, New Brunswick, N. J.

George Pratt Kuehnle, New Brunswick,
N. J.

James Gilbert Mason, Metuchen, N. J.

Charles Ther Nafey, Highland Park, N. J.

William Oscar Pettit, New Brunswick,
N. J.

Arthur van Voorhees Schenck, New Bruns-
wick, N. J.

Helen Elizabeth Searle, New Brunswick,
N. J.

Louise Marshall Vandivert, New Bruns-
wick, N. J.

Francis Edmond Wilber, New Brunswick,
N. J.

AN OLD WORLD HERO OF THE
NINETEENTH CENTURY.
He who stood at the head of armies; who
commanded and all men obeyed; who throned
and unthroned kifgs, and made all Europe

tremble; whose magic named inspired to vic-.

THE ARGO.

tory; the hero of Marengo—the hero of Aus-

terlitz and Friedland. Is this the hero? No,
mn.

aca the affairs of state; who

sat by the side of England’s loved and hon-

ored queen; who for years “towered head and

shoulders above every other man in the king-

dom.” The “Grand Old Man,” dignified,
wise, noble. He is your hero? No, not
Gladstone.

One who spent his life for the good of his
fellow-men, in a work of love and mercy ; who
let into the dark jungles of Africa the light
of Christian civilization; who, after weary
years of exploring, far from home and friends,
in the very heart of that dark continent, died
alone on his knees, praying for Africa.

Surely this is your hero. No, not even the
Christlike Livingstone.

My hero is one who embodied all these.
Military leader, statesman, Christian philan-
thropist.

From the beginning to the end of an event-
ful life, Charles George Gordon proved him-
self true to his own conscience, to his country
and to his God. Inheriting warlike tenden-
cies from a long line of military ancestors,
possessing a character made up of the stern-
ness, eagerness, and even rashness of his
father, softened by and blended with the hope-
ful, trusting nature of his mother, see him at
twenty as the lieutenant of British engineers,
taking his full share of the terrible work in
the trenches before Sebastopol, here develop-
ing a remarkable aptitude for war by an al-
most instinctive knowledge of the enemy’s
movements, 5

Next see him hurrying to the far East at
the outbreak of the Chinese war, and com-
manding in the capture of Pekin—grief-
stricken at the sight of the burning of the

magnificent imperial summer-palaces — the

necessary object lesson for the conquered but
obdurate Chinese.

Following this, Chian, torn and helpless,
devastated as by an avalanche, with the vast
horde of rebels under Chang-Wang, the self-
THE ARGO.

styled “Heavenly King,” implores England’s
help, and Gordon undertakes the hopeless
task, with a courage born of a devotion to
duty. Quoting from his own letter: “I have
taken this step on consideration.” “I think
that any one who contributes to putting down
this rebellion fulfills a humane task by open-
ing China to civilization.” “If I had not ac-
cepted this command, I believe the rebellion
would have gone on in its misery for years.”
“I think I am doing a good service.”

His faith was proved by his works. With
a handful of natives, reinforced by prisoners
from the ranks of the rebels, in a short twelve
months he quelled the rebellion.

Always in the front of the “Ever Victorious
Army,” General Gordon: was armed with no
weapon but a small cane, which his super-
Stitious followers called the magic wand of
victory, the same wand with which he drove
from his tent the bearers of the bribe-money
sent him by Li Hung Chang, who had treach-
erously crucified the ten Wangs, whom Gor-
don had pledged himself to save.

Raised to the rank of Ti-Tu, the highest in
the army; followed by the applause of even
his enemies; refusing recompense, save the
name that was dearer than all, Chinese Gor-
don was recalled to England and given the
humble work of fortifying the muddy banks
of the Thames.

The six years passed here were perhaps the
noblest of his life. His leisure hours were
spent in gathering multitudes of ragged boys,
caring for them, praying for them—nobody’s
children, whom he called “My Kings.”

On the same night that the news of Living-
stone’s death reached England, Gordon was
hurried away out of England on his mission
to the Soudan, to liberate for the Khedive the
twenty thousand Egyptian troops and the
Christian men, women and children, from the
power of the Mahdi, and to evacuate Khar-
toum.

“T come without soldiers, but with God on
my side to redress the evils of the Soudan.”
“I will fight with no weapons but justice.”

137

The people hailed him as their saviour. The
tax-books and whips and instruments of tor-
ture were burned before them. The prison
doors were opened. But his dream for the
Soudan was not to be realized.

Led by the relentless Mahdi, the Arab
swarm—fierce and  cruel—closed around
Khartoum. Seven months of desperate plan-
nig; the request to England for two hundred
men from without ungranted; the message
cabled “Desert your garrison and come home” ;
the reply, “I will not desert my garrison.”
One weary month more and the end draws
near. He writes his last message home :—
“Good-bye, I have done the best for the honor
of our country.”

Shame! Shame for England, that she thus
neglected her noblest subject and son.  Piti-
less mother! that she shut her ears to his last
cry for help.

On no costly marble in grand cathedral is
his name carved, but on the hearts of China’s
millions, whom he liberated; in the affection
of London’s waifs; in the grateful memory of
all true Englishmen; and in the faith of the
loyal garrison at Khartoum.

By no decision of a hundred wise and
learned shall Gordon have a place in the Tem-
ple of Fame, but by the universal judgment
of mankind shall his name be written high—
A great man!—A Hero.

 

BOOKER T. WASHINGTON.

There have been few famous negroes,
Touissant Louverture was one, and in the
present day: we have another, not only great
for a negro, but great for a white man; one
who, entirely forgetful of himself, is giving
up his whole life to the elevating of his peo-
ple.

Out of the debased and downtrodden race
of negroes, Touissant Louverture made sol-
diers ; out of the same material, Booker Wash-
ington is making citizens. Which is the
harder task? To make of an ignorant slave a
good fighter, or a faithful, law-abiding citizen?
You say Touissaint L’ouverture was brave,
138

Which is braver? To be heroic in time of
peril, spurred on by the excitement of battle,
or to endure patiently throughout a long life,
bearing disappointments without discourage-
ment, reverses with constancy.

Booker T. Washington was born a slave,
in a Virginia cabin, with the blood of ten gen-
erations of slavery in his veins. When a very
little boy he determined, for some reason, that
he would learn to read. Carrying his mis-
tress’s books to school one day, he saw the
school children at work. To get into a school-
house, to study out of books like that, would
be like getting into Paradise.

When he was older, working in a coal mine
one day, he heard of Hampton Institute, and
from that time made it his aim to go there.
Thus was ambition awakened in the heart of
the negro boy—an ambition that did not die at
the first reverse, but has grown stronger with
time and has soared above the ambition of
common men.

He did not know where Hampton was, he
had no money, yet he determined in some way
to carry out his plan. When finally he started,
the little money which he had been able to ob-
tain gave out before he was half way there.
Stranded in a big city, without a cent, he pro-
cured work, and earning enough to pay the
rest of his way arrived, as he says, with just
fifty cents, to begin his education. As janitor,
he worked his way through and graduated
with his class.

He had secured a liberal education. His
soul was lifted above the level of common
thoughts to the place from which he could
look down upon the turbulent sea of life, and
view its petty storms with calm dignity. Ac-
quainted with the great events of the past, he
could look forward to the probable needs of
the future.

From Hampton Institute, Booker T. Wash-
ington entered upon his life work. He agreed
to manage the normal school for negroes at
Tuskegee. When he came there, he found not
only no school, but not even a place for it,
only a plan formed by some of the citizens of

Sessa

THE ARGO.

Tuskegee. Under the circumstances an ordi-
nary person might have been disheartened,
but Booker Washington was not made of the
stuff that is easily discouraged. He went to
work, traveled all about the country to adver-
tise the future school. At last the institution
opened in a shanty, with about thirty-five pu-
pils. It grew with surprising rapidity. It
startled the inhabitants of Tuskegee. It has
increased from a school of thirty-five pupils,

when it started, to an institution of over a
thousand students now.

Booker Washington has acquired the art of
governing men; he has placed himself among
those who rule; he has shown himself fitted to
rule; he has become a great educator, equal
in wisdom to any white man.

What a contrast! Booker Washington
thirty-five years ago, and Booker T. Wash-
ington to-day. We see him the little negro
slave, whose highest ambition was to get to
the height of society, where he could obtain
and eat ginger cakes. We see him now, the
determined freedman, whose great and noble
ambition is to raise the whole negro race to
an industrial par with the white man. We see
him, the little slave child sitting by the road-
side and crying, as he waits for some one to
come along who will help him lift the fallen
bag of grain on the back of the horse. We
see him now, one of the world’s great men,
whose counsel and help, presidents and em-
perors seek.

Strong, resolute, constant, never swerving,
always steadfast, is Booker T. Washington.
His character is set forth best by the poet of
his own race, Paul Laurence Dunbar:

The word is writ that he who runs may read.
What is the passing breath of earthly fame,
But to snatch glory from the hands of blame—
That is to be, to live, to strive indeed.

A poor Virgina cabin gave the seed,

And from its dark and lowly door, there came
A peer of princes in the world’s acclaim,

A master spirit for the nation’s need.
Strong, silent, purposeful, beyond his kind,
The mark of rugged force on brow and lip,
THE ARGO.

Straight on he goes, nor turns t

Where hot the hounds come baying at his hip ;
r - . :
With one idea foremost in his mind,

Like the keen prow of some on-forging ship.

0 look behind,

————___
-TRAP RECEPTION,

On the evening of June ioth, Dr. and Mrs.
Payson gave their annual reception to the
Fourth Form. The whole affair was very
successful. The grounds were prettily dec-

orated with Japanese lanterns, and the house

with ferns and flowers, Dancing began at

half-past eight and was continued until about
two. Refreshments were served at about
11.30. Music was furnished by Garland,

The following were some of those present :
Misses Atwater, Bevier, Della and Alice Con-
ger, Cooke, Nettie and Eloise Fisher, Mil-
dred Fisher, Gregg, Hardy, Hurlbut, Kitchen-
meister, Kuehnle, Mary and Katherine Lienau,
Lindley, McLaury, Helena and Mary Nelson,
Nicholas, Pitman, Price, Runyon, Rust, Scott,
Searle, Shafer, Shankle, Sillcocks, Suydam,
Titsworth, Van Cleef, Vandivert, Vliet, Wil-
liamson.

Messrs. Badeau, Bardwell, Bates, Benedict,
Guy Bergen, John Bergen, Bevier, Burr,
Harry and Arthur Carpender, Conger, Frank
and Charley Corbin, Devan, DuBois, Elber-
son, Ferguson, Ford, Green, Hay, Kuehne,
Granger and Horation Lang, Mason, Miller,
Mittag, Murphy, Nuttman, Pettit, Schenck,
Taverner, Van Vechten, Varick, Verdi, Chas.

and Ned Wilber, Wright.

1901 CLASS BANQUET.

On the evening of May 3oth, the class of
1901 held its banquet at the Kensington Hotel,
Plainfield. All the members of the class were
present except Mr. Carleton. The freshmen
had not heard a whisper of the proceedings,
and the banqueters were not molested at all.

The menu was as follows:

Little Neck Clams.
Consomme Clear.
Striped Bass, a la Villeroi.
Olives. Gherkins. Radishes.

139

Filet of Beef, with Mushrooms.
New Potatoes. Asparagus.
Chicken Croquettes. Green Peas.
Tomato Salad, Mayonaise Dressing.
Neapolitan Ice Cream. Assorted Cakes.
Coffee. Roquefort Cheese.

After doing ample justice to the menu, each
member of the class in turn made a short
speech. President Mason acted as toast-mas-
ter,

The class journeyed home in a stage and
repaired to the Trap, where a bon-fire was
made, and speeches called for from the Profs.
Profs. Ferguson and Burr responded in a few
well chosen words, and Dr. Payson made a
short speech.

The class adjourned about 4 4. a.

The committe was: G. P. Kuehnle, F. E.
Wilber, and H. L -Carpender.

 

Ps AS. 6,; Re PS. 7.

On May 18th the Prep. School met and de-
feated her old rivals, the Plainfield High
School, in a ten-inning game, by a score of 7
to6. The field was véry wet and slippery and
fast playing was of course impossible, but
each team played very well considering the
conditions. The game was not decided until
the tenth inning, when, with a man on second
base, Van Vechten made a two-base hit into
left field, bringing in the winning run,

Hay pitched a fine game, striking out twelve
men, The Preps.’ batting was not very good,
and if this had been better a ten-inning game
would not have been played. The summary
follows: Struck out, by Hay 12, by Van Au-

ken 7, Bases on balls, off Hay 5, off Van
Auken 4, Two-base hits, Van Vechten, N.
Wilber. Double _ play, Hay, Green, Van

Vechten. Passed balls, Van Vechten 3, Mon-
ahan 2, Umpire, C. R. Bell, Rutgers ‘or.

The batting order was as follows:

P. H. S—F. Mason, s. s.; Van Auken, Ps}
T. Mason (Capt.) 2 b.; Pond, 1. f.: Cubberly,
c. f.; Davis, 1.b.; Denton, r. £.; Monroe, gb;
Monahan, c.

R, P. S—Kuehnle, s. s.; Cole, r. £; Van
140

Vechten, c.; Green, I b.; Hay, p.; Mittag,
3 b.; C. Wilber, 2 b.; Devan, 1. £.; N. Wil-

ber, c. f.

 

PINGRY 15, R. P. S. 0.

On May rsth the team journey to Elizabeth
to play the Pingry School. The game was
very one-sided all the way through. R. P. S.
seemed to have taken another slump, and
many errors aided Pingry to run up this large
score. The Preps. were miserably weak at the
bat. Several times, with a man at third base,
the necessary hit was not made, and the oppor-
tunity for scoring lost.

Pingry undoubtedly has a strong team, but
Ruetgers Prep. should have made a_ better

showing.

 

P. H. S. 17, R. P. S. 21.

Hhe base-ball team won their second game
“from Plainfield High School on Decoration
Day by a score of 21 to 17. Both teams showed
the lack of practice caused by the long period
of wet weatehr. This in a measure accounts
for the high score. Hay pitched his usual
fine game, striking out twelve men. At the
beginning of the fourth inning the score stood
12 to 4 in Plainfield’s favor, and the game
looked about lost. But owing to luck, a bunch-
ing of hits, and errors by the Plainfield play-
ers, the Preps. were able to get in twelve runs,
making the score at the end of the fourth in-
inning 16 to 12 in favor of the Preps. This
change was largely due to the good cheering
of the Prep. “rooters.” Many a game has
been won by cheering, and this game clearly
showed what can be done in that line. Here-
after, when the score goes against us, let us
cheer, and cheer again, until defeat has been
changed into victory.

The line-up of the teams was as follows:

Plainfield—F. Mason, s. s.; Van Auken, p.;
T. Mason, 2 b.; Pond, 1. f.; Cubberly, ¢. f.;
Davis, 1 b.; Denton, r. f.; Monroe, 3 b.; Mon-
ahan, c.

Rutgers Prep—Kuehnle, s. s.; Cole, r. t3
Van Vechten, c.; Green, 1 b.; Hay, p.; Mit-

Sh NK ge

THE ARGO.

tag, 3 b.; C. Wilber, 2 b.; Devan, 1. f.; N. Wil-

ber, c. f.
seit eek Min ae

MORRISTOWN SCHOOL 4, R. PAS.

On June 8th the team had the most enjoya-
ble trip of the season, journeying up to Mor-
ristown to play the Morristown School. Al-
though defeated, the whole team had a fine
time, and all joined in praising the Morris-
town boys for their generosity and gentle-
manly conduct.

The weather was fine for base-ball. The
new field was equally untried by both teams,
and, although the outfield was poor, the grass
diamond was very good. The game was ex-
tremely well played throughout, Rutgers
Prep. making but one error, while Morris-
town made but four. The game was lost
through weakness in batting. Hay was not up
to his usual form, being rather nervous. The
cause for this was the new time rule for pitch-
ers. Morristown made two runs in the sec-
ond inning and one in the third and fourth.
R. P. S. made its only run in the fifth inning.
The umpire was the marring feature of the
game, as his decisions were very unfair at
times. This was one of the causes for the de-
feat. Rutgers Prep. made but one less hit
than the Morristown School, but the Morris-
town boys bunched their hits to great advan-
tage.

We hope to play this school again next
year. The following was the R. P. S. team:
Van Vechten (Capt.) c.; Hay, p.; Green, 1 b.;
C. Wilber, 2 b.; Kuehnle, s. s.; Mittag, 3 b.;
Cole, r. f.; N. Wilber, c. f£.; Devan, 1. f.

Prof. C.—“Who was Barrabas?” Has-
brouck—“He was a disciple and a prophet.”

Kilmer (giving quotation from Merchant
of Venice)—“There’s not the smallest orb
which—which—” Prof. C—‘Why don’t you
go on?” Kilmer—“I don’t know where the
orb is.”

Mason (in English) —“Edmund Burke was
intended to be placed behind the bars.”
THE ARGO.

3) Mele Mle Me Ae Se Ne Se Ye Melee
; THE ANNEX. ,

 

hs PASAT AS AS ANAS AS AEA AS ASAT ATAR AR
THE ANNEX OPERETTA,

On the evening of May 17th, the operetta
“Bo Peep” was presented by the students of
the Annex before a large and enthusiastic au-
dience. The large hall of the main building
was entirely filled, as were also the two ad-
joining rooms. The stage had been enlarged,
and was beautifully decorated with green
boughs and paper roses.

The operetta was an adaption from the
Mother Goose rhymes, and the story is as
follows :

Little Boy Blue uses the deed to Mistress
Mary’s farm for the tail to his kite, and when
Mistress Mary discovers this, she sends him
away from home. When the peasants an-
nounce that they have chosen Boy Blue and
Bo-Peep for their May King and Queen,
Taffy tells them of Boy Blue’s banishment.
Bo-Peep goes to find Boy Blue and stay with
him.

Ladye Lee goes to gather flowers with her
friend Metticote, and is so unfortunate as to
lose the ring given to her by her lover. She
promises to the finder of the ring any reward
that she can give.

Bo-Peep finds the ring while hunting for
Boy Blue. She asks as a reward a new deed
for Mistress Mary, who forgives Boy Blue,
and all are happy.

The cast of characters was:
BOAR CCP fs igittoerd </ Fielexaze ee Miss Bessie Wilber.
Wid ye: Lee arcs: ore nisveiercien Miss Alta Schenck.
Maids from the Castle—Miss Etta Schwenger,
Miss Mary Gillespie, Miss Louise Elmen-
dorf.

Mistress Mary........... Miss Grace Lewis.
BAN pie Dkevates goss Miss Eulalia McFadden.
Cockle Shell. ........ Miss Myrtle Ten Eyck.
Dilver Bellies § oi.):05- cic Miss Kathryn Pettit.
Boy Blue? icc fos Master Alan Campbell.

141
Meaty ata: 1i35 Rite aclenatete sce Master Horatio Lang.
Peagatiteds vais sanwst aes Master Rodney Ford.

The milkmaids looked very pretty in their
costumes and were heartily encored. They
were: Misses Myrtle Ten Eyck, Kathryn
Pettit, Alice Barbour, Elsie and Alma Gaub,
Anna Scott, Gretchen Smith, Evelyn Knox
and Kathryn Weigel.

During the intermission between the first
and second acts, a “Rainbow March” was
very well executed by Masters Fritz Smith,
Robert Johnson, William Strong, Robert
Voorhees, Russell Ten Eyck, Neilson Dun-
ham, Arthur and Paul Prentiss, Asher How-
ell, Theodore Strong, John Conger, Theodore
Voorhees, Robert and Raymond Searle, Lewis
Potter, Seabury Cook, Starling and James
Pearce, Tracy Voorhees, Vivian Ross, Alfred
Stellers, Van Santvoord Knox, Ralph Beards-
ley, and Lambert Myers. Each one carried a
branch of apple blossoms and went through
the manoeuvres without a break. This march
made a great hit, and was also encored.,

Miss Bessie Wilber was a very pretty Bo-
Peep, and sang all her solos exceedingly well.
Master Alan Campbell as Boy Blue carried
his part with great credit. Miss Grace Lewis
made an excellent Mistress Mary, and took
her part with spirit, while Miss Alta Schenck
represented Ladye Lee with great naturalness.
Master Horatio Lang was a very lively Taffy,
while Misses Etta Schwenger and Eulalia
McFadden, and Master Rodney Ford ren-
dered their solos with spirit and good taSte.

The choruses were all good and showed the
result of careful training. Mr. Frank Elber-
son was the announcer.

Great praise is due to Misses Hurlbut,
Shankel and Gregg, the teachers of the An-
nex, for their efforts, upon which depended the
success of the entertainment. Professor Bar-
bour had charge of the Delsarte training, and
Miss Agnes Storer played the accompani-
ments.

About $60 was the proceeds of the enter-
tainment, the object of which is the purchase
of a new piano for the Annex building.
142

SCHOOL NOTES.

The English Class, of the class of 1904, held
a very enjoyable debate on May 23. The sub-
ject under consideration was, “Shall Cuba Be
Admitted to the United States?” Those who
spoke in the negative were Mr. Watson
(Captain), Miss Polhemus, Messrs. Wade, C.
Corbin, H. Lang, Miller; while the affirmative
side was maintained by Mr. Devan-(Captain),
Miss McFadden, Messrs. Vandevert, Matzke
and Woodbridge. The judges were Messrs.
Wilber ’or, Benedict ’o1, and Mason ‘ot. The
debate was very close, and the arguments
showed much knowledge of the subject. The
judges had a lively debate among themselves,
but when at last they had reached a decision
Mr. Wilber announced that the negative side
had won. Miss Hardy managed the debate.

On the return trip from Morristown the
base-ball team elected Green, first baseman, as
captain for next year.

We wish to express our heartfelt sympathy
to Mr. Carleton on the death of his mother.

The following is a partial list of the school
boys who are pledged to college fraternities :
Beta Theta Pi—Mason ’or, Kuehnle ’or, Na-

‘fey ’or. Delta Upsilon—Pettit ‘ot, Badeau
‘or, DeHart ’o1, Green ’02, Murphy ’o2. Chi
Psi—Bergen ’o1, DuBois ’or, C. and N. Wil-

ber ’o1, Lang ’03.. Zeta Psi—Bates ’o1- Delta
Kappa Epsilon—Carleton ’or.
The Bordentown Military Institute game,

scheduled for May 25, had to be given up on
account of rain.

The Delta Theta Fraternity gave a very en-
joyable dance in Masonic Hall on the evening
of May 31.

The class of 1901 enjoys the unique dis-
tinction of graduating in the rainiest season
that has visited us in thirty years. It cannot
be that the heavens are weeping over the sins
of the Fourth Form.
tion.

Perish the base insinua-
They are weeping because the Fourth

Form is so soon to disband. Hine illae lacri-
mae.

THE ARGO.

If you look at the list of “Instructors” on
the last page of our cover, you will see just
beneath the Head-Master the name of Willard _
Conger, A.M., Greek Master. If you wander
down the Jersey Coats, you will come upon a
fanious summer resort about forty miles away
from New Brunswick, whose name is Asbury
Park. What connection exists between these
two facts? We will tell you.

Mr. Conger graduated from our school in
1892. He took his college course in Rutgers,
and graduated from the college in ‘96. Three
years more found him at the close of his course
in the Seminary. Since ’99 he has been
teaching in his Alma Mater, the Prep. School.
Now he severs his connection with the school
at the end of this year and accepts a call to
preach in Asbury Park. It is a flattering call,
and the Arco congratulates Mr. Conger upon
the compliment thus paid to him and the citi-
zens of Asbury Park upon the great addition
they are going to have in securing his services.
We part from him with regret, and wish him
God-speed in his new home.

Mr. Conger will be succeeded by Mr. H. D.
Wilson, of Trinity College. Mr. Wilson
comes to us with the highest recommendations.
He will not only help us in Greek, but also in
music and athletics, both of them important
branches of a boy’s education. We have not
the pleasure of Mr. Wilson’s acquaintance
very closely, but we are sure that we will be
glad to know him better, and he will find the
Prep. boys good fellows. Ask Mr. Conger,
our departing luminary, if that is not so.

Milk Shakes

ce AT.

Delicious

eeeeeuencaanenrnanperiaeeny

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,

Cor. George and Washington Sts
THE ARGO. 143

ae BIVERY, hae) 25 ee AVENUE.

 

APRIGHTED, “THE HUB.” Ve88

Rubber Tired Cabs, Coaches, and Light Carriages.

 

MANSION HOUSE,

105-107 Albany St.

ON THE

European and American Plan.

 

L. D. MAS, - Proprietor.

 

BANQUETS AND SUPPERS A SPECIALTY.

 

Louis Leitheiser,
THE

A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF ::: :

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

po OES—

AT LOWEST PRICES.

 

 

WILLIAM J, SENG'S,

48 Haston Ave.

 

Popular Barber, A Full Line of Athletic Shoes,

393 George St. New Brunswick, N. J.

REPAIRING NEATLY DONE,

 

HUGHES’ LAUNDRY,

80 CHURCH ST.

Prompt and Efficient.

R. W. HUGHES, Proprietor.

Special Rates for Students.

WILLIAM ROWLAND,

IMPORTER AND DEALER IN

CHINA, GLASS, LAMPS and FANCY GOODS.

Silver Plated Ware.
N. Y. and Brooklyn Wall Papers,

No. 3 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.
RurquRS PREPARATORY SCHOOL,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

FOUNDED 1766.

INSTRUCTORS :

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M:, Px. D., Head-Master, Latin and: Greek.
WILLARD CONGER, A. M., Greek Master.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. B., Science Master.
ROY ©. BURR, A. B., Latin.
HERMAN 4. WRIGHT, B. S., Mathematics.

MISS ANNA L. HARDY, A B., French and German.

SSaritwe<

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS INA HELEN HURLBUT, Principal.
MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL, )
MISS MARY GREGG, ) Instructors.

EDWARD L. BARBOUR, B. O., Elocution

For particulars address
ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.

»
