 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ECE CORMAN

a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

-¥- —-~ ~

 

|
|
|

a

ane

—— —

Commencement of th
Sixth Ward Goat.,.......
A Visit to a Moxiean Villag
Base-Ball
Puritans ..
i J

Th

~

verte =

peewee

nae
_—

 

— Se

 

 

 

 

 

 
HJ. ® S. *¥ STEW ART.

Hats. Neckwrear.
pecial feature. Elegant and Stylish, always in Stock,

‘
New and Nobby Styles for Young Men a §

T > ETS | At low prices.
UNDE kW EAR— The only first-class $2 Derby in the city.
No. 29 CHUR CH STREET.

THE FREDONIAN | RUTGERS
»Publishing « House,# PHARMACY,

>
z

70 and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. Oe ae

UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR EDW. 1). PALM ER
FIRST-CLASS PRINTING. et

 

 

 

 

 

NEW TYPE AND NEW PRESSES.

The Fredonian Publishing Company. Merchant T slr /, ,
i z | Da AND &
XD

Qe
xk
&/ NTHLETI
GOODS

A SPECIALTY.
1 Paterson Block.

 

 

SMITH & EDMONDS,

I Matters and Men's Outtittere, K |“ou™

“nh &
Cor. Church and Neilson Sts., New Brunswick, Y

Opposite National and People's Banks

  
   
 
 
 

sonnetive WORLAND’ | Gens, Fis
Reliable -- Foot-Wear SShisltrs gusyookstort
Or vers deeryton, font eaten 19 te nest |

Athletic, Walking and Dress Shoes

No. S7 Church miceak:, {
Opp. Peoplo's National Bank | H E A p 0 U A RT ERS ie

digo ae Mo Oe R Schoo! Supplios of all Kinds. JOHN ye - TAKER,
| POCKET BOOKS, KNIVES, FOUNTAIN FINE TEAS, COFFEES AND SPICES,

Custom Work and Repairing « specialty. PENS, FANCY GOODS, PICTURES
Also General Groceries,

 

   
   

380 GEORGE STREET,
—--13-—

 

 

—

 

AND FRAMES, GAMES AND
Cor. Hamilton and Division Streets.

The Only Place for Fine Iland Sewed Work.
NOVELTIES.

48 & 50 EASTON AVE. |
New York, Oct. 1st, 1890.
Honest Fall Overcoats for as little as ten dollars ; but the range
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25. We sell many at
even higher prices.
If a low-priced coat has silk trimmi
silk, or both, are apt to be inferior.
- are built in the most substantial manner.
, facings or linings only in the better grades, where
< fies the cost of good sigiff inside and out.
Autumg, Suits eg ready,

ngs, either the cloth or the
Our medium priced overcoats
We use silk sleeves,
the price justi-

    
  
 

Vor. IL.

The Argo:
.
PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

Rutgers College Preparatory School.

 

Vou, If. New Brunswick, N. J., June, 1691, No. 9

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
W. B. COLLIER, ‘92, 1, N. ENYARD, ‘92,
Senior Editors.
W. JOHNSON, '%,
Associate Editors,

G. H. ENGLISH, "2, J. H. SUYDAM, '®,
Business Managers,

J, SCUDDER, 'S, —— SCHNEIDER, '®,

 

eee

One copy, one year, seventy-five cents,

All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
©. W. Gurren, New Brunswick, N.J.,and must be accompanicd
with the name of the author,

 

HE school year is over and in many respects it
has been a prosperous and pleasing one.
‘This has especially been the case in our athletics.
It has been a long time since our school has made
such a fine showing in outdoor sports. We have
sustained some defeats but the great majority of
our games have been victories for us, both in foot-
ball and in base-ball. We hope that the succeed-
ing years may find our school stronger and not
weaker in athletics.

 

(" hope our friends and patrons will pardon

the delay in editing this issue of THE
Arco, but for unavoidable circumstances we have
been unable to get out this number earlier. The
Commencement number is always the latest one
out, as nearly all the editors who reside out of
town leave as soon as Commencement is over;
such has been the case this time. Nearly all the
preceding issues of our paper have been delayed a
week or so after the middle of the month, at which
time they are expected to appear. We hope next
year to overcome this deficiency and to produce

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., JUNE, 1891.

i = =

 

 

No. 9.

 

 

 

 

 

our paper as near the appointed time as possible.
We hope our friends will still continue in their
subscriptions, and that next year may see more of
our school fellows, as well as outsiders, contribu-
ting to THE ARGo, the first Rutgers Preparatory
School Paper. Hoping we may interest and
please our readers more in our issues next fall
than we do in this number, we say “ Goodbye for
our Summer vacation.”

 

S the school year draws to a close, our eyes are
not gladdened by one thing which we hoped
would be accomplished. From an architectural
point of view, we think our school building pretty,
but it sadly needs a new coat of paint. New
clothes improve most people, and we think a fresh
dress on our building would not only improve that
comer of the street, but also add much cheer and
give much gratification to the boys who spend so
much of their time there. We hope when we re-
turn in September to see that this has been done.

 

Ge are grieved to learn that Dr. E. H. Cook,
our present Headmaster, intends to leave

us next year, he having accepted a position as
superintendent of the schools at Flushing, L. I.
While we deeply regret the loss of so estimable
an instructor, and so kind and agreeable an ad-
visor and friend, at the same time we congratulate
him on this high call, and hope that he may find it
as pleasing and agreeable a charge as we hope he
has found his present one. Doctor, we wish you
success, and

Where’er you may be and whate’er you may do,

Think of the boys who are thinking of you.

We are also to lose Prof. van Allen. Pro-
fessor, although we have cut up in your classes,
and tried to make life a burden for you generally,
don’t think that we meant all that we did. We
will miss you greatly, and we hope that you will
remember us in your new position,

\
\
-~
 

 

78 The Argo.

 

We hope that Prof. Cummings will not leave
us as we understand is his intention. It will be
hard for us to become as intimately acquainted
with a stranger, in. school as well as out, as we
have become with him. It is due to his kind help
and suggestions as well as to his financial aid, that
our paper has become what it now is. To him
we owe the plate which we have for the cover of
THE ARGo, and in many ways has he shown him-
self to be with us and of us. Professor, we hope
that you may decide to stay, but if you think it
your duty to accept this new position, we hope
that your new friends will love you as we do,
which we are sure they will do, and that you will
remember the many friends who will miss you.

Ore question has been asked why should we

not have an Athletic Association, and we re-
peat it, why not? It would surely be a great
benefit to the school in several ways. In the first
place it would boom Athletics, and would help to-
ward placing it on a level with other schools of its
character. We have not been so far behind in
arhletics as it is, but, if an association was formed,
it would bind the fellows closer together and more
would contribute to the support of athletic sports,
and the dues would keep some ready money in the
treasury. ‘There is no lack of good players in the
school, and if they would be bound together by an
association of this kind, it would be just what the
school needs to bring it forward in athletics ; and
when this occurs then our victorious yell will be
heard more often.

Q* the 15th of May, we, the new editors, found

ourselves in charge of an unfamiliar work in
which none of us, except two, had ever tested be-
fore. We feel our entire unworthiness to take up
the pen which has been wielded so justly and so
determinately by our predecessors, especially by
the senior editors. ‘They have done everything in
their power to bring the Argo in line with the best
school papers; and now that we have condes-
cended to take this responsibility we naturally
look to you, as a school, for your hearty co-opera_
tion.

 

 

AS TO CATCHING FISH.

OW that the season is with us, though not of

us, a few hints to our fellow students who will

go forth tc catch fish and catarrh are quite Repub

lican, i. e., in place. The following rules are be

lieved to be comprehensive; but if you don’t see

what you want, ask for it. If youdon’t want what
you see, you don’t have it.

In the first place, pick your fishing grounds. If
you can pick somebody's fish-pond you are apt to
have better luck. In this case do not obtrude
yourself upon the owner's attention. He may have
other fish to fry. Fish in a stranger's private pond
always bite better at night. So sometimes do the
dogs.

Before starting on your trip lay out most of your
money on a rod. This is de rigeus. A split
bamboo one with gold trimmings and a few dia-
monds in the butt, will do. You will not catch
many fish with it, but it is useful in catching “suck.
ers,” of which you are apt to do a great deal more.
When you go fishing you can hide it in the bushes
and borrow a bean pole from some country boy.
Fish are fonder of this sort of tackle. Udi ben ibi
patria, is their motto.

As to flies, don’t be too fly ——. Just mus-
cous enough. You will need a brown rain shackle,
an ensanguined ibis, a roller process miller and a
shoo-fly. ‘These are to stick in your hat. To fish
borrow cockroaches from your hotel and a few
worms from the above said c.b. The fisherman
who cannot await a bite with baited breath will not
catch anything, and doesn’t deserve to.

In fishing, do not talk. Fish are apt to resent
such familiarity on the :part of an utter stranger.
Wait and do your talking at the supper table,fwhere
you can introduce them to yourself—fried. Fry -
ing overcomes their clammy reserve.

Having fished enough, you can engage the boy
from whom you borrowed the bean pole to catch
something for you. ‘Then resume your ‘diamond-
hilted rod, and return with it and your fish to the
hotel.

If you would be the most famous fisherman that
ever lived, you can do it very simply. In telling
what you caught, say invariably that those which

An
—— es,

ear

The Argo. 79

got away were all small. This may come very hard
at first, for every one will be telling, “but you
ought to have seen the one I hooked in Green
pond—four pounder, sure. I could have sworn
when he got away.” But stick to your story and
you will be the hero of the summer, After they
have pronounced you not insane, but just honest,
the mammas of lovely daughters will beseige so
model a son-in-law, and all the capitalists will be
ready to take you into partnership.

Most information mills would charge you about
$100 for this pointer alone, but all I ask is ten per
cent. of the business and the partnership.

 

OUR Y. M. C. A. WORK.

Deane the last school year our Y. M. C. A.
work has been very encouraging. A great
number of our students are Christians and haye
aided us often in the work. Although we could
not make many inducements to the boys we could
make the one which was, “come and join us in
the work.” A number of the boys accepted this
grand invitation and have worked diligently and
faithfully. We have held a prayer meeting each
Friday evening at the school-house, with the ex-
ception of holiday weeks. We are happy to say
that our work has not been in vain, but that two
fellow students have decided for Christ and have
entered the fold and are diligently working in His
vineyard. Others are trying to lead better lives
and follow closer the footsteps of Jesus. Some of
the boys are interested in the city missions,
leading the meetings and doing personal mission
work. Our Wednesday evening prayer meetings
at the ““ Home” were a blessing to us all. Let us
not lose the inspiration we have received from
them when we leave the “Home,” but let us
work with more zeal and vigor. The work of our
“ Mission Band” has been successful and we have
accomplished considerable. With the aid of afew

friends we succeeded in furnishing the “ Y” Mis-
sion with new seats, and have aided other missions
by supplying musical and literary talent on various
occasions. The boys of the Bible training class
are very thankful to their instructor for his kindness,
for he has left many impressions of the lessons
upon their hearts, Now boys, as we meet together

 

 

no more for a while, in the school-house or in the
parlor, let us not forget that we have taken the
cross upon us, but let us bear it manfully and be
patient, for with the help of God we cannot but be
successful. Boys, wheresoever we may be, let us
do what we can for the Master and glorify his
name.

 

COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES OF THE
CLASS OF ’or.

yee Class of ‘gt of tha Rutgers Preparatory

School held their Commencement exercises
on Thursday, June 11, in Kirkpatrick Chapel, at
8 o'clock p. a. Although the heat was very op-
pressive and the ex-freshmen rather noisy, ’91
surely did credit to itself both by the size of the
class and the order of the exercises. We hope
they may be as successful in their college life as
they have been in the days they have spent with
us.

The Chapel was filled to its utmost capacity
with the friends and relatives of the graduates and
undergraduates. And we must here note that
there were more of the fair sex than have graced
the Chapel with their presence on these memor-
able occasions for two or three years.

At about quarter after eight the graduating
class filed into the Chapel from the President’s
room in the rear, and took their seats on the right
of the platform. After the overture, rendered by
Hart’s orchestra, Dr. Cook announced the first
speaker of the evening, Daihachiro Sagara, of
Tokio, Japan, he having obtained the second prize
in scholarship, the Salutatory. After giving those
present a most cordial welcome in thename of the
Class of ’91 he turned to his oration, Dai Nihon.
He commenced by speaking of the slow growth of
China and of her danger from the Russion Goy-
ernment, warning her that Russia was doing all in
her power to extend her dominions. He then
spoke of Japan as at one time being on an equal
footing with China, but now being far ahead both
in educational and political matters, and also in
spiritual affairs. He concluded by wishing that he
might see the Stars and Stripes and the Rising
Sun advancing side by side along the line of civil.
80 The

 

ization, giving such aid to each other as they
might be able.

The next speaker, George J. Janeway, of New
Brunswick, had for his subject, Success. After
stating that success in life depended on each man
having a certain point in view, and working for
that end. He ended by saying that the Christian
man was more universally successful, and that
there was no true success without godliness. The
Waltz, “ Return of Spring,” was well rendered by
the orchestra, after which the oration, Our Con-
dition as a Nation; was delivered by Charles Wes-
ley Gulick, of New Brunswick.

After speaking of the growth and prosperity of
the United States he mentioned some of the evils
of our present government, among other things
being corruption in politics, the power for evil in
money, and the immigration of the worst classes
of foreign element to our country.

After him A. Schuyler Clark of New Brunswick,
delivered an oration on Strikes, He spoke of the
continual disagreement between employees and em-
ployers, and mentioned three ways in which these
might be allayed, shortening of hours, profit shar-
ing and arbitration. The « Dance of the Nixies’
was well rendered by the Preparatory School Glee
Club, as was also the encore, “The Sailor's
Dream.”

The next speaker was R. Ellison Soare, who
had for his subject, The Lawless Suppression of
Lawlessness. He mentioned the immigration of
all classes without restriction as one of the great-
est evils we now have, and set before his hearers
the recent occurrences at New Orleans. He said
that these take the power into their own hands,
and will neither be ruled by the laws of the country
nor by their own common sense. “ G xipsy Cara-
van” was then presented to the admiring ears of
the audience by the orchestra, after which Stanley
W. Jones, of Rahway, spoke on Culture. He

showed forth the value of culture, both morally and
intellectually. He said that a cultured man could
be picked out of an assembly of unlearned, and
vise versa. The orchestra then rendered “Grace
and Beauty.” Next came an oration by Daniel
Morrison, of New Brunswick, his subject being,
Nobility of Labor. He said it wasno degredation
to work, and quoted the first verse of Genesis, Say-

 

 

 

 

Argo,

td

ing if God set such an example, why should we
consider it beneath us to work. J

The Preparatory School Glee Club renderec
“The Tar’s Song” and a *‘Serenade”’ very cred-
itably, after which came the valedictory and
oration by George S. Ludlow, of New Brunswick.
He said that the worst evil of the times was cor-
ruption in politics, and he said that the only way:
to prevent this was by sending good conscientious
men to be our representatives in Congress and at
our State Capitals. Turning to Dr. Cook he
thanked him in behalf of the Class of ’91 for his
watchful care through the year, and through him
thanked the teachers for the patience they had
shown with them and the time they had spent in
their behalf. He next bid farewell to the class in
a few appropriate words.

Dr. Doolittle made a very pleasing address to
the class, but made an unfortunate allusion to the
lateness of the hour, which produced a laugh from
the Class of ’94, but ’91, alias ’95, took it all in
good spirit, laughing with the rest.

Dr. Doolittle’s address was followed by the pre-
sentation of diplomas, the boys being guyed by ’94,
who cried Fresh as each member of the class re-
ceived his diploma from Dr. Doolittle.

Mr. John N. Carpender, as chairman of the
committee for determining the best speaker, an-
nounced that the first prize was given to Charles
W. Gulick, and the second to R. Ellison Soare.

The benediction was then pronounced, and
another commencement of the Rutgers Prepara-
tory School had come to an end.

Immediately after the exercises in the Chapel
the graduating class retired to Schlesinger’s, where
they were entertained by a plentifully spread
board. There were many and pleasing toasts, and
at an early hour the boys retired to their homes
full-fledged Freshmen.

The following are D, Sagara’s and C. W.
Gulick’s speeches complete ;:

SALUTATION,

Labigs AND GENTLEMEN: It gives me great pleasure to
welcome you to-night in behalf of the Class of ‘91 to our
graduating exercises in this Memorial Hall,

In a century and a quarter of its existence our school has

 
The Argo. 81

—_—————

sent many students to the glorious Rutgers, who have made
very fine success during their college life. May equal or
greater success fall to the lot of the Class of 91. Youhave
already witnessed several commencement exercises of our
elder brethren, but here what you are going to see are the
first and the last exercises of the Class of ’gt. .

We thank you for your presence this evening and hope
that the exercises may please you. Ladies and gentlemen,
the Class of ’91 welcome you, .

DAI-NIHON,

My heart tells me that on the threshold of my oration it
will be appropriate for me to say afew words about the
wonderful land of China, which is in deathlike sleep, not-
withstanding the light of civilization dimly shines upon her.
Throughout the history of the world we see that the same
law holds good; that nations rise and fall; that now one,
now another, is supreme in the struggle for civilization,
Think how strong was the nation of Rome; look how brave-
ly the Roman eagle advanced; but where is its glory now?
Who discovered the first principles of electricity? Who in-
vented the compass, printing and gun powder? Was it not
a long time ago that the mighty people of China discovered
these wonders? But where are they now? Dead, sleeping
among fumes of opium, stupefied by the impure influences
of old beliefs; their pristine glory faded like the dead leaves
of Autumn.

Awake, men of China, danger is lying before you; de-
struction will not delay to overtake your nation. What is
the purpose of building the railroad of Siberia from the cap-
ital of Russia to the boundaries of China? Is it to improve
commerce? Is it to increase intelligence of the ignorant Si-
berians? Rather to increase the area of Russian territory.
100,000 veteran soldiers can be sent in a few days inside of
Chinese territory. Beware the Russian bear; beware the
British lion; awake, unconscious people! It is not the time
to sleep.

In the drama of mankind every nation is an actor, none
knows her part. One by one the stars leave the stage and
others take their place. There is no pause. The play goes
on. No prompter’s voice is heard and no one has the
slightest clue as to what the next scene is to be. Is not
New Japan one of the actors? Will she be a star of the
stage? Has the curtain fallen, and forever? Will it rise
again in some future time on the glory of this young actor ?
Reason says perhaps and hope still whispers yes.

In the sixth centuty the introduction of Chinese culture

 

converted the nation of Japan into a semi-civilized kingdom,
Then in 1853 the arrival of the American Commodore Per-

ry at Uraga was the beginning of a movement which has
changed the appearance of the country and has raised the
nation to a level incomparably higher than that at which its
former guide and instructor has remained,

Under the armed eloquence of Christian diplomacy Japan
in 1854 opened her doors to the outside world, and then she
took upon herself modern progress. At almost the same
time the empire was approaching a crisis in her fate. The
Tokagawa dynasty of Shongua, which has ruled the country
for three centuries, was tottering on the brink of ruin,
Think how many young and able patriots suffered and died
to complete the reform both in political and social circles.

The recent promulgation by the emperor of Japan of a
monarchical constitution imposes upon the sovereign
power and establishes an ‘imperial diet composed of the
House of Peers and a House of Representatives. Within
the short space of three and thirty years New Japan has ad-
vanced without any hesitation from the twilight of semi-
barbarism into the full blaze of European civilization, and
has fearlessly changed its old world institutions to those re-
cently developed in western lands.

Some people find it difficult to believe that, whereas a
short time ago ‘we were haters of foreigners and oppressors
of our own people, now we are walking in the path of pro-
gress and liberty with all honesty and truth.

Let us recall that on April 6, 1868, the emperor pro-
claimed that a deliberative assembly should be formed and
measures of state determined according to public opinion,
that all customs and usages were detrimental to progress,
and, therefore, should be cast aside. In 1875 Geuroin, a
sort of senate, was established, and on October 12, 1881,
the emperor issued a proclamation in favor of a constitution-
al government, declaring that at the end of 1890 there
should assemble a Diet. and now we see an Imperial Diet,
with good order and an admirable constitution in actual use.

We, the people of Great Nippon, the land of the Rising
Sun, are no more slaves to one man or one government.
We are the government. We were once a group of savages
on a small island of Asia, but believe me we are such no
more. Japan owes much to her neighbor, the United
States of America, the land of liberty, to the expedition of
Commodore Perry, and to her subsequent friendly sym-
pathy and assistance in the efforts of Japan to fall into the .
ranks of Christian nations.
82 oe

 

Believing that the present friendly relation between Am-
erica and Japan will never be broken, let us hope that when
for the last time we shall look upon this earth, our last
lingering glance will rest upon the Stars and Stripes, ad-
vancing side by side with the Rising Sun, along the path of
civilization towards the ultimate goal of life, true happiness.

Dammacnino SAGARA,

 

OUR CONDITION AS A NATION,

That the progress of America has been an impetus to the
Progress of the world no one doubts. As goes America,
So goes the world, in all that is vital to its moral welfare,
is a truism which every nation accepts,

And indeed the last one hundred years of the world’s

existense have been years of tremendeous progress. Civiliz-
ation has extended her grand triumphs. The islands of the
sea and the inland deserts and mountains have been explor-
ed and measured. The brave mariner has battled the ice-
bergs of the North, and the intrepid traveler has dared the
heat and danger ot the tropics. The railroad has spanned
the continents and tunneled the Alpine mountains. The
telegraph has cabled the ocean and joined the extremities
of the earth. Africa and Asia have parted their borders
and permitted the Mediterranean to mingle its waters with
the Indian Ocean. Applications of steam and electricity
have assumed such tremendous Proportions and such mag-
nificent variety, and have brought with them such vast
material convenience, that they have tended to lead captive
the judgement and bewilder the imagination.

Despotisms have fallen and monarchies have been re-
modelled. Republican ideas have sped eastward and west.
ward. The advancement of science, the diffusion of litera-
ture ; the establishment of public schools; the opening of
hospitals ; the care of orphans ; the education and eleva-
tion of woman, giving her access to employment and pro-
fessions ;_ the freedom of religous worship ; the multiplica-
tion of religous edifices ; the emancipation of serfs ; the
striking of manacles from millions of slaves—all these are
but faint outlines of the manifold triumphs of the century,
which might well startle old Galileo from his slumbers to
cry again, ‘¢ But it does move though !”

In these great movements America has stood at the front,
She has given the world an example of a free Church in a
free State. She realized the grand ideas of « Liberty,

f

<

it ls

 

Equality and Fraternity,” and by her Gecerenas has
transformed oppressed colonies into a triumphant nation,

“Smiling under the sunlight lies Naples, the fairest
picture of calm serenity.” Yet there stands the volcano
Vesuvius, with its gently curling smoke floating on the
qniet breeze, giving no intimation of the terribly destructive
power which has already buried two cities in awful ruin,
It is calm and quict now, but in an instant, at any moment,
it may overwhelm Naples and bury it from the world as it
once did Pompeii and Herculaneum,

So is it with America. She stands triumphant in mater-
ial progress ; the nations recognize her power ; “ she is the
friend of all, the enemy of none,” but already within her
borders are felt the effects of national sins, arising mainly
from intemperance, enhanced by the liquor power, through
the agencies of pilfering politicians ; unrestricted immigra-
tion, which brings to our shores myriads of criminals, vag-
abonds and outcasts, who rise up in their ignorance to
wreak out vengeance against imaginary wrongs, for the
real wrongs they have suffered at home ; the accumulation
of wealth, in the hands of a few, making poorer those
already poverty-stricken, and increasing the colossal fortunes
of those already too rich for the world’s good, influencing

the ballot and placing men to rule who have not learned
the first lessons of restraint,

The saying that history repeats itself is exemplified re-
peatedly. Israel, Assyria, Chaldea, Persia, Greece and
Rome forsook God and truth and righteousness, and in

turn were forsaken by God. The word of the Lord stands
this day unrepealed,

not serve Thee
utterly wasted.”

‘* The nation and kingdom that will
shall perish; yea, those nations shall be

Nor is America excepted, unless she
shall forsake the sins which dishonor God and curse men—
intemperance, corruption and a selfish greed, we
pect from these ** seeds of iniquity
“*national destruction,»

may ex-
” to reap a harvest of

It is true that the effects of the evils are
tremendous power, may, the future
seems full of hope. The great world, slowly and reluct-
antly though it may be, is still opening its eyes to the ap-
palling spectacle of wretchedness and sin,
afflicted and down-trodden is heard at last.
courageous souls who have taken

burden of suffering humanity,

being felt with
but look where we

The cry of the
Those brave,
pon their shoulders the

are beginning to find not only
sympathy but help in their efforts

to do battle against the
evil powers,
The Argo.

Tho battle must be long, no schemes however glorious,
no devotion however generous, can win a sudden triumph,
Men are wanted; men of brain and soul, brave men and
true men; men who have the courage to carry out their con-
victions, whatever be the opposing forces. How the blood
tingles in one’s veins at the thought of the grand awakening;
so long has party prejudice kept them chained like the dog
to his kennel, eating the ‘‘crumbs from the rich man’s
table” and serving faithfully the masters who own them.
The people are thinking as they never thought before. The
manacles are breaking from the brain of man, and human

thought is looking out into the glorious sunlight of freedom
The long night with its darkness and silence is passing

away, and through the awakening world rings the triumph-
ant sound, ‘* Let the King reign!”

CuARLES W. GULICK.

 

STATISTICS OF THE CLASS OF “gt.

Wilbur Withrow Ballagh ....... +. Tenafly
Presbyterian, Alpha Theta, Y. M, C. A.,-C. F.
Base Ball Team.

John Garretson Blackwell................ Franklin Park
Dutch Reformed, Y. M. C. A., R. T. Foot Ball
Team, Bicyele Club, Gun Club.

Arthur Morgan Clark........ ..........New Brunswick
Glee Club, Committee on Class Color, Gun Club.
Abram Schuyler Clark.................New Brunswick
Dutch Reformed, President Class 91, Bicycle
Club, Business Manager of the Argo, Speaker

Commencement Exercises.
George Howard Cowie ... ......se00.0.0. 002. Rahway
Presbyterian, Japanese Club.

George Ray Deshler............sscosessssee New Brunswick
Episcopal P. on Base Ball Team, Committee on
Music and General Arrangement, 3d b on Rutgers’
College Base Ball Team, Bicycle Club.

Charles Wesley Gulick .... ............New Brunswick
Methodist, President Y. M. C. A., Chief Editor of
the Argo, Committee on Invitations, Reporter of
the Times.

Irvin White Howell................... New Brunswick
Presbyterian, Orange Color Club, Committee on
Invitations.

George Jacob Janeway............... New Brunswick
Presbyterian, Vice President Class ’91, Vice Presi- /
dent Y. M. C. A., Speaker Commencement Exer-
cises.

Stanley Woodruff Jones. .... ..... 2... see sees Rahway
Presbyterian, Glee Club Committee on Music and
General Arrangement, Speaker Commencement
Exercises,

seeeee ween

 

| Gabriel Ludlow... ..

83

t+ cstereee sees eee Now Brunswick

Dutch Reformed, C. R. Foot Ball Team, Com-

mittee on Class Color.

George Sullivan Ludlow... ................ New Brunswick
Dutch Reformed Valedictory, 13 Club, L. E. R.
Foot Ball Team, 1st Base Ball Team, Committee
on Class Color

Daniel Morrison .... .... .cssssessssoeceeeee NOW Brunswick
Episcopal, Y. M. C. A., Secretary Class ’91,

Speaker Commencement Exercises.

Robert Kitching Painter... New Brunswick
Dutch Reformed, Secretary Y. M. C. A., Bieycle
Club, Gun Club, Business Manager of the Argo,
Orange Color Club.

Clarkson Runyan, Jr. ........ 2... ....New Brunswick
Presbyterian, 8. S. Base Ball Team, Orange Color
Club, Committee on Supper, Glee Club, Bieycle
Club.

Harry Ross ... . see ee sees seeeee NOW Brunswick
Committee on Class Picture, Pres. Fruit Cake
Club.

Daihachiro Sagara.......... ............--Tokio Japan
Salutatory 18 Club, Y. M. C. A., Half Back Foot
Ball Team, Committee on Invitations, Committee
on Class Color, Committee on School Button,
Scorer of Base Ball Team.

Robert Ellison Soare................. Walden, N. Y.
Dutch Reformed, Y. M.C. A., Committee on Class
Motto, Speaker Commencement Exercises.
William Harvey Stilson.... .. tee y+ Bayonne
Episcopal, Alpha Theta, Glee Club, Committee on
Supper.

Oo wees we cece

 

John Provost Stout .. + +++. Nagasaki Japan
Dutch Reformed, Treasurer Y. M. C. A., Senior
Editor of the Argo, Treasurer Class 91, Secretary
and Treasurer of the Glee Club, Alpha Theta.

William Van Bergen Van Dyck... .... New Brunswick
Dutch Reformed, Y. M. C. A., 2 B. Foot Ball
Team, Orange Color Club, Glee Club Committee,
Musie and General Arrangement.

Warren Clark Van Slyke........... -Kingston, N. Y.
Dutch Reformed, Y. M. C. A., L. T. Foot Ball

Team, 3d B Base Ball Team, Gun Club, Bieyele
Club.

TORN Wis cccavescess Tri tteseee eee senses sees Stanhope
Presbyterian, Alpha Theta, Half Back Foot Ball
Team, R. F. Base Ball Team, Committee on
Music and General Arrangement.

 

 

SIXTH WARD GOAT.
Oye goat is a very peculiar kind of a ruminat-
ing bird, of which the “Sixth Warder” is the
most peculiar. Some of his peculiarities were
manifested the other day in one of our city dailies,

a,
84 The Argo.

 

in which it was shown that he appeared at night in
the form of a ghost, and even went so far as to
manipulate the shrubbery which decorates the
front lawns of the palatial residences on Hamilton
street.

“Pop” says, and he is authority, the “ Sixth

Warder” differs very materially from the Troy bird,
but is inclined to think the “ Sixth Warder” would
be better for initiating purposes. He says he bases
his opinion upon a report rendered by a small boy,
who, upon returning one afternoon last week from
a little stroll down Division street, stated that one
of these creatures hurled the previous part of his
anatomy against him with disastrous effect. Still
‘“*Pop” insists that the Troy fowl ought not to be
held in contempt, and he would not vouch for the
quietude of the Trojian if he was subject to the
same temptations as this certain Sixth Warder
was..
“Pop” says the goat must be endowed with a
great deal of patience in order to allow a little un-
attended chap like “ Wholly” to stray around with-
out reminding him by the use of his head of his ex-
istence.

The “ Sixth Warder” gives our Head Master a
great deal of anxiety by its continual presence on
the campus; for goats are never desirous of fol-
lowing the bidding of mankind, but on the contrary
would rather hurry in an opposite direction. The
“ Sixth Warder,” although very eccentric, has some
good and useful qualities which probably accounts
for his presence among the practical and sturdy
inhabitants of this noble region, for we as “ Rats”

trust them implicitly.

 

A VISIT TO A MEXICAN VILLAGE.

T was a beautiful morning in August and we
i were all wandering around the ranch, wishing
something would turn up for us to do, because it
was too hot to go hunting or fishing and we were
at a loss to know what to busy ourselves about.
But at last one of the fellows said: “ Boys, I will
tell you what we will do; we will go down the
river to the Mexican village.” This proposition
was agreed upon, and after we had saddled and
bridled our horses, we started for the Mexican vil-
lage, which was about ten miles distant,

 

If any of our readers have ever had the privilege
of riding in the southern part of Colorado, you
can imagine how we enjoyed that ride down the
San Luis valley, along the Rio Grande, with bold
and majestic Sierra Blanca on our right, her large
top covered with snow, which looked very much
out of place with the surroundings. And so we
rode on through beautiful scenery, and at nearly
every turn of the road something new met our
gaze.

The time passed very pleasantly, and at last
our guide told us we were nearing the village, so
those of the party who had never seen a Mexican
village scanned the horizon to find the object of
our search, but, strange to say, none of the new-
comers seemed to see the village.

My brother asked the guide to show us where
the village was. Sohe said: ‘Why, don’t you
see it about a fourth of a mile down the river?”
“ No,” was the prompt answer.” “ Well, do you
see that long line of low brick buildings ?” “ Yes.”
“ Well, that is the place you have been looking for
for the last five minutes.” My brother said: “TI
saw those buildings before, but I thought that it
was a Mexican brick yard.” So of course we had
the laugh on him.

In a few minutes more we were in the midst of
the village. One long street constitutes a Mexi-
can village. This street is composed of adobe
houses, built of bricks baked in the sun; or else
the Mexicans build a log cabin and then plaster it
over with clay. These houses are low one-story
buildings with only two or three rooms, without
any furniture save a few benches, so of course
when the first of May comes a Mexican is not
troubled with very much furniture. All he does is
to take his blankets and pony and move on.

After we had visited all the places of interest,
such as the church and school house, we turned
our horses’ teads homeward, thoroughly pleased
with the day’s fun, although some of us could hard-
ly sit straight in our saddles, from fatigue.

“Dutchy” gave the following as an illustration of
a general conditional sentence: “If you should
live without food you would die.” He doesn’t
know yet why some of the fellows smiled.
a ee

The Argo,

BASE BALL.

VERY prominent man was once heard to say

A that he would give more for a boy that en-
joyed a good game of base ball than one who was

always saying he could not play, or it was too hot,
or some other similar excuse for not playing.

Base ball is undoubtedly our national game.
There is no school or college, town or city, but has

its base ball nine. And what an exciting thing a

close game of ball is. Take for instance last year’s

game between Yale and Princeton, when, after
nine innings had been played, the score stood 1 to

o, in favor of Princeton. On August 17, 1882, a

game was played at Providence, R. I., between

Providence and Detroit, resulting in a victory for

Providence in the eighteenth inning by the score

of 1 too. Such games are exciting and _interest-

ing. But you may say such games are very sel-

dom seen. I will grant that, but a 4-2, 5~4, 7-8

or g-1o game can be just as exciting, providing

the playing is good.
In New Brunswick our law makers seem to care
nothiug for athletics of any kind, as they would
even prohibit there being an athletic game inside
the city limits. And what a law it is. Why New
York, Brooklyn, Chicago, St. Louis, San Francisco
and, in fact, every large city in the United States,
has its athletic grounds right in the centre of the
city, while here, forsooth we can have no grounds
less than four hundred feet from anybody’s prop.
erty. If aman has a pig sty within four hundred
feet of an athletic ground he can force the Asso-
ciation to remove ; while if a man has a beer sa-
loon next to your door, you are unable to keep it
closed, even on Sunday.

This year the Prep. School has done remark-
ably well, both in football and kase ball. At the
opening of the base ball season it certainly looked
dark for our boys as they lost the first three
match games, but after the third defeat the boys
got desperate and determined they would win a
game if playing had anything to do with it. And
so they went to Hightstown with the determina-
tion to win, and came back victorious. They
have won every game that they have played since
then. We have the satisfaction of knowing that
we have a better record than the college team.

 

|

85

The scores by innings are as follows :
PRACTICE GAMES.

 

R. C. P. &. o 8 3 3 I—!I5
Freshmen 121 tr O5§
R..C. PS. o 0000 3 I—4
Sophomores 20102 0 0—5
MATCH GAMES.
R. C. P.S. 500001 0 0 I—7F
Pingry 04101002 o—8
Ri G.-Bs, 100200 2 0 O—5§
Iroquois 2003 02 3 3 O13
R. C. P.S. 22001000 1— 6
Princeton Preps 5 2 t 3 3 3 9° 3 0-20
R. C. P. S. 1200001 5 O-@Y
Peddie Insti. o1r3000 0,0 O-4
R. C. P..S. 3.0 2 2 9 I--17
Freshmen °oo00T OF
R: GCG; P.S; Reig: args Sg GO. 0-33
Pingry gi Ovo F 0) OO O-— 4
PURITANS.

ORE than two centuries and a half ago, there

was a line of religious persecutions in

England, and those who wished to worship in

their own way were persecuted or put to death.

A great many of these persecuted people went to

Holland, where they were allowed to worship as
conscience dictated.

They lived there for a number of years, but
when children began to grow up around them these
exiles thought they would rather teach their child-
ren the English language and be making a perma-
nent home for them... Above all, they wished to
do something for the, ~ancement of the Gospel
of the Kingdom of Chri, 1 the remote parts of
the world. 7

They decided to leave Holland and’go to Amer-
ica, where Virginia as yet was the only place
settled by the English. These people had been
called Pilgrims on account of their wanderings.
Out of several hundred Pilgrims, one hundred
were chosen to go on this expedition.

They secured two small vessels, named the
Mayflower and the Speedwell, but the latter proved
unseaworthy and consequently had to go back,
leaving the Mayflower to continue the journey

alone. Instead of reaching the Hudson River,
86

 

which was their intended destination, they were
driven by storms to the shore of Massachusetts.
For a month they sailed up and down, looking for
a favorable landing. When they first went ashore
sixteen men landed, headed by Miles Standish.
They found deer and duck, which they killed and
ate. - At last they came into a harbor which had
been named Plymouth by a former explorer, Capt.
John Smith.

They decided to settle, and landed on Dec.
21st, 1620. Before landing they held a meeting
on the Mayflower and agreed that every man
should have an equal share in the government.
John Carver was chosen Governor. They also

* formed a military company with Miles Standish to
command it. The soldiers each had a coat of
mail, a sword and a match-lock musket. Elder
William Brewster was their pastor.

As soon as they landed they began to build
houses. They built a common house as a place
for all (there were one hundred and two people)
and they divided themselves into nineteen differ-
ent families, and in time they each had a_ house.
They built great sheds for the public goods and
erected a hospital for the sick, also a church,
which had four cannons on the roof for defence.
They lived on what they caught in rivers and for-
ests until they could raise corn.

Of course they were exposed to great hardship,
and one half of them died the first winter; yet
when the Mayflower returned to England in the
spring not one of the brave colonists went back.

On June 2gth, 1629, the Mayflower and three
other vessels returned, entering the harbor of
Salem. The voyage, which was considered a short
one, took six weeks and three days. This new
colony was called the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
John Endicott, who with a few others came over
a year before, was appointed Governor.

These colonists were not called Pilgrims, but
were Puritans—religious reformers who came over
for more freedom, and not with the intention of

separating themselves entirely from their mother
country, as the Pilgrims did. But they soon be-
came quite as independent as the Pilgrims of the
ways and authority of the Church of England.
Although their number was larger and their wealth

 

 

The Argo.

greater than that of the Pilgrims their sufferings
were very severe, and many of them died.

‘The Puritans were very strict In enacting and
enforcing the laws. ‘They had stocks and the pil-
lory, which were constantly used. Often you
would see a man with a halter around his neck,
which he was forbidden ever to take off, as a pun-
ishment for some crime.

If a man talked on some religious subject in a
different way from that of the Puritans he was put
in the pillory or stocks, or put on the meeting
house steps with some badge of disgrace on him,
or a cleft-stick on his tongue. These people were
obliged to stay in the village, because, if they went
out of the village, they would be killed by the
savages, and so were unable to escape their pun-
ishment. Such persecutions were not practiced
by the Pilgrims who settled at Plymouth.

These two colonies, Plymouth and Massachu-
setts Bay, remained separate for many years, but
in 1692 were united under the name of Massachu-
sett. R. E. R.,.’93.

A FEW THINGS I HAVE LEARNED IN
THE “TRAP.”

SI leave the Grammar School I wonder
A sometimes what I have learned during the
three years I have spent as a boarder in the
“Trap.” Thinking it over, I have summed it up
in the following brief way :

Tn the first place, out of regard for parents,
teachers, etc., I place the book learning :

T have gained some knowledge, of Czesar, and
the oblative, absolute and indirect discourse ;
Cicero and his elegancies, hard to master, but
rather fine when once learned; Virgil and the
mysteries of Roman mythology ; the Anabasis,
with its delightful parasangs and marchings, but
utterly detestable other parts; Homer and the
same gods and goddesses as in Virgil, under dif-
erent names ; Algebra and Geometry, with the
meanings of signs and symbols, and a few other
things not as important.

That about sums up my learning as found in
books, although I suppose I could “ enlarge” by
working upon my imagination. Iam no book-
oe

The Argo. 87

worm or lover of study, so I will turn to the
second department of what I have learned,
namely, that which is acquired without books,
and which is of more every day value—outside
the recitation room, at least. This department
embraces some of the following points worth
knowing :

I have discovered that every one isgrum when
coming to schoo), and that I was as grum as
any one when I came. I thought I was quite
smart, and was considered so at home, but here
in school I was not a remarkable genius, if a
genius at all. There is one little peculiarity I
have noticed about new boys, which is well
worth knowing. They are all fond of walking
through the college campus, hoping in their
foolish hearts to be taken for Freshmen.

Of course, I have learned a good deal about
New Brunswick and this part of New Jersey. I
really think that this knowledge is worth some-
thing, anyway, and it certainly is worth having
if four years in college are to be spent here.

I have found out a great deal about foot ball
and base ball and have become inspired with
much admiration, mingled with respect, for the
players. I soon “felt, however, that it was wise
to give up emulating these as my few attempts
were not entirely successful. I am of a delicate
constitution, I may state. I have learned to
yell, though, in connection with the two noble
games, and never fail to let my voice be heard
when there is opportunity to applaud. It en-
courages the players, I found.

I have picked up much slang, particularly
some relating to what I first thought must be
the race cours, and to doing poorly in lessons
—“ riders” and “flunks,” for instance. I soon
found out what the “Trap” and the “ Rats”
were, of course. I have also discovered some-
thing pleasing and taking in nicknames, and now
do my share in giving as well as in using them.

T have learned that, contrary to my first week’s
judgment a fellow can easily and happily live
away from home, but also to consider the best

part of going to school the visits home when
vacations come.

Thave become acquainted with lots of facts

 

 

about Rutgers College and its history. I find
that I feel much interest in it, because I now
have friends there, and I desire to enter it partly
from a wish for more knowledge and partly for
other reasons. Yes, I think I have learned that
being in a college town inspires one with a de-
sire to go through college.

I have found that even a “Rat” looks down
upon a Freshman with thorough contempt, while
he respects and looks up to the other classes in
college. The knowledge that I have to be a
Freshman in order to pass through college is the
only unpleasant feature of a college course I
have seen.

I have learned to sing “On the Banks of the
Old Raritan” with much enthusiasm, if the man-
ner of doing it may not be perfect. Other col-
lege songs also are now familiar to me, and I
heartily enjoy them.

In addition to these I ‘have learned sundry
good and bad habits too numerous to mention.

Lastly I find by this review of what I have
learned and now am as compared to what I was
before I came to the * Trap,” that I am not the
same boy I was when Larrived. Whether I am
changed for the better or for the worse I cannot
say, but will leave it to my friends to at

SOCIETIES OF OUR SCHOOL.

Ec has been four or five years since there has

been any literary society connected
with our school, but in the last year there have
been two formed, and we would hope that they
may continue to prosper each year.

The Tau Phi was first formed in December,
1890, with three members, D. Sagara, W. Cook
and A. H. Rottger. It has sinee grown to a so-
ciety of eight members. It is in reality a Thir-
teen Club, the limit of membership being thir
teen. Its government is secret, but its object,
which is open to all, is to promote closer inter-
course among the fellows and to create a deeper
feeling and regard for the welfare of its mem-
bers. Not the least of its purposes is the liter-
ary point which it has in view.

At regular meetings there is an extemporane-
88

ous debate on some subject well calculated to
enrich the mind, and some of the speeches are
very good.

This society has on its roll the names of the
leaders of our school, both in studies and in
athletics.

This year the society had among its members
the Valedictory and Salutatory, the only honors
given by the Preparatory School. It also had
the captain of the base-ball and foot-ball teams
and four players from the former and three
from the latter.

The Glee Club is also represented by its presi-
dent and the two senior editors of Tur Arco for
next year may be seen to wear the colors of this
society.

There are only two members of the Class of
‘91 in this society, but, as before stated, these
two secured the only two prizes given by the
Preparatary School.

The Tau Phi is ruled entirely by the boys
and admits members of the whole school, and,
in two cases, of ex-Prep. School fellows.

The following are its members: George S.
Ludlow, Daihachiro Sagara, Walter Cook, A.
Harry Rottger, Albert Collier, John E. Jennings,
Grinfill H. English, Isaac N. Enyard.

The Alpha Theta was formed shortly after the
opening of school after the holidays. It is com-
posed exclusively of “Trap” fellows or those
who live at the Home.

This society has for its aim the cultivating of
the mind by debates. When first started the
fellows did not take the interest in the society
that was expected, but since then it has grown
gradually but surely, and is now strong in num-
bers, and the fellows already show the progress
they have made in debating.

The Alpha Theta has on its roll the names of
two of the Professors, Cummings and Van Al
len, it also has one of the Tau Phi men, Collier.

We hope that these two societies may continue
to grow and may not die out, as did their pre-

decessors.

The latest is to go down town during study

hour leaving your lamp burning. From an out-
side inspection every one is in, of course.

 

The Argo.

AN ATTEMPT AT ECONOMY.

URING my first year in school I suddenly
had a desire for a blue felt hat. Quite ,
number of the boys had such hats and I thought
them very handy and becoming, also with their
drooping brims. They cost a dollar and as I
considered that rather expensive I gave up the
idea of getting one. However, I happened to
mention my longing for a felt hat to one of the
fellows who at once offered me a very light felt
hat he had for fifty cents. It was so light that
this fellow had stopped wearing it. It used to
provoke the little “ Micks” to sing out “Who
skinned the cat?” I thought that with a pack-
age of the famous Gem dye I could color it and
get my felt hat quite cheaply after all.

I bought the hat for fifty cents and a package
of the Gem dye for ten cents. Then I found
that the article to be dyed had to be boiled and I
was ina pickle. There was nothing to be done
except wait until I had a chance to get ata
stove. As it was almost Easter I put the hat
and package of dye away, and when I started
for my cousin’s for the Easter holiday I took
them with me.

Then I was in another pickle as I had de‘i-
cacy about bothering my cousin with my busi-
ness and yet I seldom had much time in the
house alone. Finally a day came when all but
my cousin were away, and when she said she
would have to go down town foran hour or two
and asked me to look after the house TI was
charmed and was so visibly pleased that she
asked what was up. I gave some answer and
watched her off.

As soon as she was well away I hurried up
stairs for the hat and dye and then went to the
kitchen. I gota stew pan down, filled it with
water, and poured in one of the two papers of
dye I found in the original package and after
stirring it up put my hat in. Then continuing
to follow the directions, I stirred up the mess
with a stick as it boiled. After half an hour it
was time to pour in the other paper of dye.
Ah! that seemed to make the “ deep, dark,
beautiful blue” the package was labeled to pro-
duce.

—
The Argo.

More stirring. Then I noticed that although
the dye was almost black as was the hat when
first taken out of it, yet if any part of the hat
was out for afew minutes it got rather light.
That was queer but the dye was to make a
“deep, dark, beautiful blue.” — Possibly it
needed to be in longer. Oh yes! the directions
said put in salt. I went to the dining room and
got a couple of salt cellars and emptied them in-
to the dye. It did improve the sticking quality
of the preparation. In went another salt cellar

full of salt. More stirring. How time did fly

and soon my cousin would be back.

It must be time for the next process. I
poured out the dye and rinsed the hat in cold
water. Jimminy! How light it got in spite of
the salt. but— happy thought—the vinegar and
water of the next step brought out the “ deep,
dark, beautiful blue” the directions said. I
hurried once more to the dining room and got a
bottle of vinegar from the cruit stand. The
vinegar and water wash was then prepared. This
was supposed to fix the eolor as well as fetch it
out in allits beauty.

In went the hat. Ah! ? Did it fetch
the deep, dark color? Not very perceptibly,
but now there was no time to waste. It was
not such a bad color, and then besides in dry-
ing, it might get darker. I hurried it out into
the back yard and hung it on the line. Back to
the kitchen I rushed and began to clean what I
had used. Horror! The stew pan was dyed. I
scrubbed. No use, it was indelibly colored.
Well, stick it away for the present. It was done
in a jiffy and everything was cleaned up. Then

I went into the yard to look at my hat. It was
a pale, sickly blue! Most of the color had
dripped out with the water. It was too late to
do anything now as my cousin was already
home.

That wretched hat was dry by supper time
and what a shout rose when the family saw it! I
was guped unmereifully about it, and after I
tried it on found that the vinegar or something
had been no good, for the color came off on my
forehead and hands. I would not wear the

 

89

thing anyhow on account of the horrible color
so up garret it went.

Gradually the story of how I colored the hat
leaked out and now it is one of the standing
jokes in the family. My attempt at economy
was not a success and the next time I try to save
forty cents it will not be by dyeing a hat. I will
not repeat what my cousin said when she saw
her stew pan.

THE GLEE CLUB.

N the last number of the Arco it was stated
that we had given no concerts on account of
the small profits we could kave made. How-
ever, the school year was not to close without
a beginning having been made in that direc-
tion.

A proposition was made to us to sing at an
entertainment in Milton Chapel, Rahway, on
the evening of June 4th. We were very glad
to accept and did so at once.

The evening of the 4th was rather unpleasant,
but the members of the Club were in high spir-
its. We went to Rahway by the 5.49 and spent
the time between our arrival and the beginning
of the entertainment at 8:00 o'clock at the home
of one of the Club’s members, S. W. Jones.

Here we fortified ourselves and improved(?)
our voices by eating the cake and drinking the
lemonade which had been thoughtfully pro-
vided.

Then we were driven around to the Chapel
where we were treated right royally. Besides
being supplied with cake and ice cream, we had
the opportunity of enjoying the banjo playing and
the recitations, which together with the Glee
Club’s efforts, comprised the entertainment.
Best of all the Club sang well and was greatly
complimented by all present.

Beside the pleasure the Club received we
were given five dollars and had our expenses
paid.

At commencement we sang two pieces with
an encore to each.

In closing the year we think we have reason
to feel well satisfied with what has been ac-
complished. We have had a pleasant year and
90

 

 

oyed considerabie pleasure in

the Club. The Club has be-
pe for

each of us has enj

connection with
come better organized and is in good shay
Most of the members will be in the

next year.
i e ones who

school and those leaving are not th
would he most missed. Considerable new mu-

sic has been secured and mastered, while there

are six and a half dollars in the treasury.
Altogether the outlook of the R. C. P.S. Glee

Club is decidedly bright. SECRETARY.

HOW WE WENT TO HIGHTSTOWN.

a” received a challenge early in the season to

play a game of ball with Peddie Institute
at Hightstown, N. J., about eighteen miles from
New Brunswick. Of coutse, we accepted and
the game was arrnged for May 9.

On that date about thirty fellows assembled at
the school at quarter after eleven in the morn-
ing. We were to go by stages and were to start
at half-past eleven, but the stages being late, we
did not leave until twelve o'clock. -

We rode through George street, making as
much noise as it is possible for so many boys to
make, We sang allthe songs, both new and old,
that we could think of, and then, like a former
hero, sighed for more.

From George street we turned into Commer-
cial avenue and started out the old Cranbury
turnpike.

We did not make much noise here, as we
wanted to save our voices till we reached some
village.

After journeying for two or three miles we
came to a two-story structure at the side of the
road with large barns and evidently a race track
at the side. Perhaps some of my readers recog-
nize the place, if not I will say it was Red Lion
Tavern. Here the drivers got out to water the
horses (?) and some of the fellows also got out
as they said to stretch.

After waiting here for ten or fifteen minutes
we started off again, singing songs and cracking
jokes on each other, and anything amusing along
the road.

After riding for qhout four miles another tay-

The Argo.

 

 

view on the port bow. Here as
descended from their lofty
ture’s relief, aqua pura,
ere drawing us on

ern loomed into
before our charioteers
positions to administer na
to the faithful animals that w

to victory.

After our drivers
what inside we again startec
wondering how soon the horses

ering again.
The fie now began to feel tired, and we
quieted down, some almost going to sleep, peer
suddenly we, of the rear stage, heard that goo
old yell, “ Rab, rab, rah ; rah, rab, rah ; R.C. P.
S., bow, wow, wow, proceeding from the for-
ward stages. We braced up, and looking ahead
saw we were approaching a small station, which
on inquiry we found to be Dean’s Station.

There was a train standing in front of the de-
pot, well filled with passengers, and if they do
not know our several school yells it is not be-
cause we did not give them.

We here saw an ex-“ Rat,” “ Peddie” Comp-
ton. It brightened us up very much to see in
this out of the way place one familiar face.

Crossing this railroad we continued four or
five miles to Dayton. The country through
which we passed was very dry and showed the
lack of rain. It was also noticeable how level the
country was.

Arriving at Dayton we stopped in front of a
large tavern and nearly all of us went in, even
Prof. Cummings, who was along, for by this time
we were rather dry. The reader, of course,
knows that we took nothing stronger than sarsa-
parilla Gr cider. ‘

Several of the boys met here old acquaintances
two young ladies, who attend a certain boarding
school in our town. It was hard work to get
the fellows to leave such unexpected pleasures
but after a good deal of hallooing and shouting
for them to come they made their, appearance
casting wistful glances over their shoulders as if
they —_ loth to leave. After we had started
we noticed that they were quite melancholly, but
new sights and seenes soon put them in spirits
again.

We soon reached Cranbury and T guess from

had rested themselves some-
1 on, our journey,
would need wat-
The Argo.

the way the inhabitants came running to the
doors and windows in open-mouthed wonder,
that they had never seen such a crowd or heard
such a racket in their little town before. Here
also many of us saw an old acquaintance. “ Jim-
my,” the very same Jimmy who used to do the
overseeing around the College; the very same
Jimmy whose ash cart the College boys have so
often stolen, made his appearance in a store
door and inquired of us where we were going.
On being informed he wished us success, and
we left him standing in tne doorway watch-

ing the stages as they disappeared down the
street.

Just on the outskirts of Cranbury we, to usea
schoolboy expression, struck a house which at.
tracted a good deal of attention from both sta-
ges. We noticed in a front window two young
and lovely females, aad on passing the house we
saw in a side window two more damsels, while in
a wiadow in the rear we saw two more. We
concluded that that house was well supplied with
sunshine, and as we had no time to spare we con-
cluded to go by without any other demonstration
than yelling for all we were worth.

We soon reached Hightstown and here again
we roused the inhabitants by sending forth our

yell with all the gusto that we could command.

We were conducted to the school by one of the
boys and the first thing that met our vision was
a crowd of young ladies on the porch waiting to
see the Rutgers Preparatory boys who had come
down to be defeated.

After dressing we immediately went to the bal]
field, which is in the rear of the building, and
after practicing for ten or fifteen minutes we
started the game which resulted in a victory for
us by a score of 9 to 4.

I must not forget to mention the fact that
after we arrived at the school the first persons
we met were “Ma” Stout and Jennings. whohad
walked down from Brunswick to see us play.

We were treated to a fine supper after the game
and after resting for some time we started for
home. :

Before starting we sat on the grass in front of
the girls door and’ gave all the college airs we

 

 

gt

could think of, as wellasa number of Prep
School songs.

After getting into the stages we sang “ Good-
night, Ladies,” and after giving three hearty
cheers we started for home, where we arrived at
half-past ten pretty tired but well pleased with
our day's sport.

Prof. Cummings very generously took the
team to Bates, where be treated us to cream, and
after giving another yell we retired to our homes
to sleep and dream over our victory.

VALEDICTORY ADDRESS.

WING to our being unable to obtain Ludlow’s
Valedictory and Oration until rather late, we
could not enter it with the other speeches, but
thinking it will interest our readers wherever we
may put it, we here give the speech in full:

Dr. Coox:—It is with true and genuine regret
that we part with you and your associates. You
have been to us more than we had a right to ex-
pect. At once our instructor and our friend you
have become so entwined and ingrafted in our
memories that many a year will lapse before you
are numbered among the forgotten. We have
been with you but a short time but we have recog-
nized your interest and anxiety for our welfare.

~ You have always used your influence to guide us

in the path of virtue and uprightness. Words are
inadequate to express our thanks, but we pray
that the blessings, which you, by your experience,
your learning and your fidelity have been able to
bestow upon us will return to you with ten-fold in-
tensity to bless you. With these simple expres-
sions of our affections allow us to bid you fare-
well.

Men of ’91 we have graduated. The time of

- our separation, at least for a while, if not forever,

has come. Our lives are developing, our sphere
is growing broader, and we are about to step into
a world of new scenes, new interests and new
duties. But we do not go unprepared, for we
have tried our mettle and are confident of its qual-
ity. Care lays his hand but lightly on our shoul-
ders and our hearts beat high with joy and hope.
We go forth enthusiastic and determined, happy
in the consciousness of our own strength and re.
92 The

joicing as a strong man to run a Face. W e all
have our future plans and models of perfection
and know that the only road to true success =
through continual striving upward into light. But
I shall weary your patience no longer vet
hard to say goodbye. We hope to meet again,
but our paths may diverge and we will not always
recline on beds of roses, but may we SO run our
race that those saddest of all words, “It might
have been,” will never ring in our ears, but may
we finish our course with joy and leave deep prints
of success in the sands of Time.

Once again, Farewell.

GOVERNMENT BY THE PEOPLE.

Westward the course of empire takes way. We
may trace its course from Asia, the mighty realm
of the Medes and Persians, the seat of Oriental
pomp and glory, to Ancient Greece, small and in-
significant on the map, but powerful in her in-
fluence over civilization. Here art and literature
had their birth and were fostered until they
reached a degree of perfection never since attained,
the fragments of which have been the envy and
admiration of all succeeding generations. From
this land of Homer, Solon and Pericles, she
wended her way to proud imperial Rome, who sat
on her seven hills and from her thorne of beauty
ruled the world.

This, the nation of conquerors, had conquered
all nations of the earth, had surrounded the Med-
iterranean with her possessions and it her high-
way. Well might Rienzi say that in those days
to be a Roman was greater than a king. From
this land of warriors and heroes, it swept north-
ward toward grand old England, the mighty mon-
arch of modern times. This, the strong and
sturdy race of our forefathers, had fought long and
hard for existence, then for equality and finally
superiority. Though small in herself she pointed
proudly to her rich colonies in every part of the
world and prided herself on her title of Mistress
of the Sea.

Thence with a mighty leap ske cleared the At-
lantic and the Course of Empire had completed
the circuit of the world and reached her destina-
tion in America.

Here in the land of the poet’s dream has been

Argo.

 

concentrated all the glory and splendor of ang
nations. With freedom and liberty as oy, sac
word and with a government of the People, for ch.
people and by the people we are grown nt
acknowledge no nation on earth as our Pees
We have outstripped the most prosperous betas
of the globe, we have surpassed the fondest on
ticipations of our fathers, we have become
world’s brighest hope. What republic jg mi
that was not fashioned after our mode]? +
have become as it were, the central star jp a
constellation of nations towards which the others
look for light. But we have not yet reacheq the
zenith. ‘There is a height which we have Not at.
tained and which we must attain or our star will
set and go down in oblivion. We cannot stand
still. There is no state of rest. We must rise
or fall.

Looking over our vast achievements the thought
comes: What lack we yet? It will need no ex.
haustive research to find the fault, for it is a com.
mon assertion that our politics have reached the
lowest stage to which they can safely go, They
have become so altered and corrupted as to be
scarcely recognizable. We have lost, or I should
say we have never recognized all the truth that is
hidden in the cornerstone of our government that
it must be by the people and for the people. We
have never realized its meaning in the deepest
and fullest sense of the word nor have we con-
ceived all the possibilities that lie along its future
development. It is the keynote of democracy
and until we reach it we will never reach the first
principles of the true and ideal republic. The
truth is that more than one half of our voting popu-
lation is practically divorced from legislation. The
only expression of public opinion we have 1s by
the press, and that is but an imperfect one. Have
they then no voice in the government? Are
they not represented by chosen men? They are
nominally represented. But does such represen-
tation represent ? Ask your ordinary citizen what
views his representative has advocated in the Leg-
islature the past year. He is totally ignorant of
the subject and the more shame to us the major
ity are like him.

Then take a look at Trenton. The same thing
The

 

 

 

Argo.

93

 

might almost be said of many of the representa.
tives. There is no free and open discussion, ‘The
pill is read and then passed into the hands of a
committee. It is then passed or rejected accord-
ing to what wires are pulled, what influences are
brought to bear or how much money changes
hands. It is in the Committee Rooms behind
closed doors that the laws are really passed. But

nevertheless, the work of legislation is going on
and the mass of laws often contradictory and in-
consistent and generally useless if not actually
harmful, is becoming more alarming from year to
year. We see at a glance that a check must soon
be placed upon this unrestricted wholesale legisla-
tion. As a remedy let the principle of the Refer-
endum come into play—let the representatives
formulate the laws and the people pass them,

either all or only the most important as may be
decided.

Why should we not
is theirs by birthright.
It has been successful in the little Swiss repub-
lic, and would we rank our people inferior to hers.
Even in our beginning we were an experiment and
have we not stood when others predicted our fall ?
Let us then take this final step. Civil service
and ballot reform when once thoroughly applied
are destined greatly to purify our politics, but the
crowning reform would be to restore to the peo-
ple a direct and final verdict over legislation. ‘This
is the zenith of our hopes, the height of our ambi-
tion and from which, being attained, there will be
no fall. Already some of the states are tending
toward this end by the provision that their consti-
tution can be revised only by a popular vote. Ma
the advance thus begun go on until it reaches the
desired end and our country becomes an earthly
paradise. As the inspiration grows fancy outlines
her castles strong and clear. I see a Utopia in
America ; a land where the people govern them-
selves in a manner hitherto unknown. Here exist
the first principles of genuine democracy, faith in
the equality and brotherhood of man. Here the
people is not feared as an unreasoning beast which
must be controlled. Here politics cease to be a
trade, there is no elaborate party system, nor wars
of rival factions or contests of popular favorites,
but the individual voter is clad in a new dignity
and the sovereignty of the people stands forth
clothed in the majesty of final appeal, while the
whole conduct of the government is marked by
the utmost moderation and sobriety. "Tis thus I
view the future of our country controlled by the
common sense of the people as a whole unfettered
and unperverted.

Then will the world welcome the prir

give the people that which

ciple of

 

the Referendum as the most important part of
self-government and as the greatest triumph over
the peculiar dangers to which the representative
government of to-day are exposed.

Grorce S. LupLow.

 

 

PERSONALS.

“We graduate.”

Stout ’91 spent Sunday, May 31st, in Dayton,
N. J.

R. B. Littell ’90 was present at the Commence-
ment exercises.

J. H. Seeberger will spend his vacation at Lake
Monhonk, N. Y.

Prof. and Mrs. Newton sailed for Europe om
the 27th of June.

General Merrick, ex-Consul to London, visited
Dr. Cook on May 25th.

S. S. Wills pleased his brother by paying him
an unexpected visit on May 15.

Strawberry is doing great work keeping the
tennis court from getting sunburned.

Martin '90 visited the school on June roth. He
intends to join the class of 92 as a special.

Vacation will soon be here as it can be plainly

seen by the way the fellows are bracing up in
tennis.

Clement ’92 is becoming a Tattling tennis
player. He succeeded in breaking two rackets
the other day.

Burrows and Cain, of Peddie, called at the
Home on the 16th inst. to see ex-Senior Editor

Stout, who unfortunately was at school wrestling
with a geometry examination.

The Broadway and Bowery base ball teams of the
“Trap” had a friendly contest on Decoration Day,
and as usual the Bowery knights overcame the
Broadway knaves by the score of 26—er,

—

 

SQUEAKS.

the wind if he will get the lass.
ean a fellow smaller than himself,

We can furnish

“Does that m
Prof?”

R says that “Czsar's men-of-w
the Tigris.”

Prof.: “I am going to purchase a windlass withe
which to support some kids in class.”

All wishing to be candidate
dred” please call at my Office.
Geom. Class: “Prof, can w

examinations. th
book ?”

Prof.: “Anything but ponys.”

ar were made on

S for the “four hun-
Wooly.

€ use anything in
at we have had” up to the fifth
The Argo.

94

i » invita-
ave a iti every te for the in
ye was waiting every minw ;
ies ; coming.

tions, when asked when they were

Who is Prof. Henry?

; i in Rah-
Professor Newton according to @ friend i

way.
Student translating Anabasis.

: : k
“And selecting a suitable person he struc

him.” b
S.: “I think I will go to a convent and be a

nun.” bs oan?
B.: “I think there will be none more like you.

H. : *‘Why is a murderer like a shirt ?”
B.: Because he is collared, cuffed and neck-
tied.”

Does Seeberger do credit to his name as to re-
ligion? Berger means one who lives on a moun-
tain ; in other words, lives on a firm rock. Some
think he does more credit to the first part of his

name, as he is moved by all kinds of winds.

PRIMARY COLUMN.

EDITORS:

C. T. CoWENHOVEN, Joun W. METTLER.

The closing exercises of the Primary Department took
place Wednesday morning, June 10, under the direction of
Miss Esther Andrews. the Principal.

The room was filled with an appreciative audience of

friends and relatives, who enjoyed the exercises exceed-
ingly.
The exercises, contrary to the general rule, consisted
chiefly of oral examinations in the several branches of
study, interspersed with music and speeches. Taken
altogether the exercises were a very creditable affair, and
spoke well for the training the scholars had received, at
the hands of Miss Andrews and her assistants.

The class is a large one this year, numbering twenty-
two, The Primary Department is at present the largest
it has ever been. There are between sixty and seventy
names on the roll, of which some fifteen or twenty are girls,
Miss Clara C. Cook, daughter of Dr. Cook, Headmaster of
the Prep. School, is the only girl graduate this year.

Some patrons of the school complained, when it was
first thought advisable to make the Primary Department
co-educational, but already the advantage has been seen
and from one girl, at the beginning of Dr. Cook’s Head-
mastership, the number has grown to nearly twenty.

We will be glad to welcome our younger schoolmates to
our number, and we hope that each year, the size of the
graduating class of the Primary, as well as of the Academic
Departments, may increase, and that our school may rank
among the first in the State both in numbers as well as in

standing.
The graduates are as follows: Walter I, Auten, Julius
M. Bottstein, Kalph W. Booth, Jr., Morris B. Campbell,

Alfred C. Carpender, Chas. T, Cowenhoven, Jr., Clara C,
Cook, H. Gardner DeVoe, Wm. N. Jennings, Jr., Ed P,
ohnson, J. Bayard Kirkpatrick, Jr., Peter RK. Letson,
Vm. J. Moore, Jr., Chas. F. Neilson, James K. Rice,
Lawrence P. Runyon, C. P. Stevenson, Edgar II. Sarles,

Frank Totten, Harry J. Weston,

|

|

 

———

A. Graig Veorhees,
DIAMONDS,

Watches « Fine Jewelry,

. :
ciety and 4) lass ilins and Putin,
BICYCLES AND SUNDRIES.

Agent for the Columbia, Victor,
New Mail, and all others. }

. BICYCLES REPAIRED. «....
Fine Watch Repairing and
Engraving a Jpecialty,

n@r-Eyes examined and Glasses Properly Fit-
ted by a Skilled Optician.
21 PEACE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

~°°GO TO

* TTC HS %

FOR
Domestic

bnew’ F ROITS,

NUTS, ETC.,

——IN AND OUT OF SEASON.

Foreign and

 

Bouquets, Flower Baskets, Funeral
Designs, Ete., made to order.
Cut Flowers Constantly on Hand
at Reasonable Prices.

No. 91 Church Street.

his
The Argo, 95

 

The Imperial CIGAR STORE

IS THE FINEST IN THE CITY,

rything in the Smokers’ Line can be
hee obtained.

TRY OUR Se, STRAIGHT

We manufacture all our Cigars at

388 George Street, (Spader Building.)
HARRY SOLOMON. —

—F. M. OLIUER,

POPULAR

dlleat ar! rhet,

99 Albany Street

ues Orders delivered to any part of the city.

C. W. RUSSELL,

CAN SELL YOU
Good Hard Clean Coal,
Dry Kindling Wood,
Best Grades of Flour,
Hay, Feed, Corn and Oats.

Lowest Prices, Best Goods, Prompt Delivery.

R. R. Yard: Cor. French and Schuyler Sts.
Canal No. 1 W ater St.

 

 

 

“LA HULLS ANWVATV LG

‘AMA00UD

aSiNOS > KOTAME

LV
S}UeMeONnpuUy [VrEqryT

|
|

THE

 

GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

———— IMPORTING RETAILERS IN

| TEGS, COFFEES,
Baking Powder

And CONDENSED MILK,
Peace & Church S&ts..
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.

8=°200 Stores in the United States.

 

Cor,

xk ee % eo % He %

The reputation that the clothes
of our make has earned during the
past 35 years is sufficient guaran-
tee as tu their being stylish, sub-
stantial and reasonable in price,
both in custom and ready-made.

Speeial:
We keep a full line Try our $1.90 Derby,
and our

$3.00 Shoes.
A. WOLFSON & SONS,
Largest Outfitters in the State,

328-330 Burnet Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.

of Sporting Goods on
hand.
The Argo.

96
ANY DESCRIPTION, go to
—_—_—————— oo When you want SHOES OF ANY DE
YOUNG MEN, LOOK! Winn, Ht: COORSE, Iris,
25 CHU RCH bears wish for. Give him a call and he will

— and any kind of se Prices Low.

Base Ball) Tennis, Reception, and PY Oo ood.

——— egyestT SHOES)

 

 

 

 

New Brunswick, N. J.
Term opened September 17th, 1890.

 

SLOAN PRIZES |

For tae Besr (Crassicat) Enrrance Examina-
tions : First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350 |

($50 cash).
ple snd

Twenty Professors. No tutors, ‘The classical course 1s am
thorough. Elective course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin,
German, French, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronomy, Chem-

istry, Physics and English Literature in Junior and Senior years, ; a I :
The Scientific Department is the New Jersey If ; di Or & Mw fi ] d
State College. 50 Free Scholarships. ar ain? Se ans el 8
Apply to your County Superintendent of Education, or to the
President of the College. F d R il S
actory an etail Store,

A Practical Scientific School of High Grade, Three Courses of
Four Years each—* Engineering and Mechanics,” “ Agriculture and

Chemistry.”
A New Course in Electricity. 9 PE ACE STREET.

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying. Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
ratus for each student. A well-equipped Astrononiucal Observatory

for Student's i. New $40,000 Laboratory CG YM N ASTIC XK S H O ES

for the Chemica] and Biological work of the State Agricultural Expe-
riment Station aud the State College under the “Hatch Bill” appro- | IN GREAT VARIETY.

priation of $15,000 per annum,
ai, | Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR

For Catalogue or for any information address Irvine |
8. Urson, Librarian, Rutgers College. IN THE CITY.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D., .

President. |
Shoes Made to Measure.

TAPKEN 3° MILLER GEQper y LITTERST & C0,
Catchmakers & Jewelers, irre ani ayn OUTFITTERS, «=

59 CHURCH STREET, |
New Brunswick, N. J. | $2 Church Street, New Brunswick, N. J,

SILVER, BURDETT & CO, Publishers,

 

.SHOINd LSAMOT

4

LATEST STYLES!

—AT—

 

 

 

 

NO R MA L COURSE IN READING Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every branch
REVIEW SYSTEM OF WRITING | of School and College Work.
COURSE IN SPELLING wees Illustrated Catalogues mailed free to any address, Corres-
ot Bgeueen Pondence with teachers, and ¢ducators
iS solicited,

 

Welsh’s Grammars; Composition; Rhetoric,
Mac Conn’s Historical Publications, |

Young Folks’ Library.
fvowell’s A Healthy Body, ete., ete,

BOSTON: 6 Hancock Avenue,
NEW YORK: 740 and 742 Broadway.
CHICAGO: 122 and 14 W Lith

 
a

 
 

AVISON & 7
3K OHA we & ‘ TESONW : 3K
(SUCCESSORS TO FRED BL. KULMER,) 7
Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Soda and Mineral W
Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy and Other Waters oe
Photographic Supplies. . *

oper® * Htouse « Drug « Store,
L MASONIC HALL. Gannet Wirsox.

ISON.

[ igs and
pure  apollinars

“~

wa. M. Dav

~ School and College = Seconp co Mone

ext-Books. ‘

Classics. Latin, Greek, Modern Languages, sais 'ots ap 4
Philosophy; Mathematics, History, We do not carry second class :
Political Science, ete.

 

English

FERENCE BOOKS FOR STUDENTS, | #]!4! custom, neither do we employ 3111!

RE
White’s Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin- |
English Dictionary, Lidell & Scott's Greek

Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged. ) eth
: J. E. PAINTON.
The-3- National-:- Music-:- Course, | G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

No. 51 CHURCH STREET.

 

 

|
Recently adopted by the New Brunswick |
School Board. Send for Catalogue. |

|

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N. Y.

 

 

(0. 0. STILLMAN, | ee | ‘ ISAAC 6, BATES, —
| geaueieans,” =| ©alerer and Gonfectines
Diamonds, GOlatches,| —— cate ranch” | ——‘Specia soe

Telephone Call 18. | Society Banquets and

 

Jewelry and Sterling Silver. Rana
ern ini Ginn | Suppers.
twrSociety Pins of all kinds Made to Order. URUEGH STEERS: ; os
wauavanananquengueuguauauannere No. 109 Church Street,
3 NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

No. 49 Church Street,
New Brunswick, N. J. |

IM. VANCLERR, » Qe, THOS. « KAY,
‘Pianos, Organs,

SHEET MUSIC,

 

 

  
 
  
 

Pine Grocer,

   
   
   

AIBAYY AND KEILSON STREETS, M]cDede’s Liy

238-29 EASTO

44 Church Street,

FEW BRUNSWICK, N, J.

  

Elegant Te§pouts aly

 

 
 

mond Dressed Peultry a =

  
 

‘ i
utgers Qollege Jreparatory S
NEW: BRUNSWICk, N. JIS

Founpen 1766,

 
 

 

 

Next Quarter Begins September 22d, 1891.

INSTRUCTORS.
1890-94.

E. H. COOK, A. M., Pu. D., WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,
Head Master. Latin Master.
BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. H. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B., CLARA P, NEWTON. A. B;;
Greek Master, English Master. > French and Mathematics,

MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS SUSAN 0. MORRIS, MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,
Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Departments.

While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; attention will also be paid to students desiring to pre-
pare for business.
The number of pupils at the “Home” is limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

ADMISSION.

Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their. work. It is earnestly
urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter Promptly at the beginning of the year or quarter. The class work will begin
Promptly at the opening of school. .

; Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of 00d moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church he has
attended.

RELIGIOUS EXERCISES,

The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian Character as well. On Sund: th il
paratory School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers Colleze and the New Brunswick Theological Seminar * at Kinky patrick Chant
Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school thrown open to ¢! i
Library conzected with Rutgers College. Tirerios of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the sttiaoaiee BEER: of Top Preparatory School the

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are held and the other in which
Master. These are five to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insures every student some exercise fn theon
The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition, Ample grounds are provided for out-door games.

DAY PUPILS.

Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside
the day and special school rates can be obtained from the railroad.
Yon day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows : ;
First and Second Primary oe +++ B10 00 Per Quarter. First Year Classic: 1 Scionti
Third Primary..... 12 50. « « Second “ sical ang Sciontific....., wiesGs Per Quarter.
‘ medi ‘ “ « 1: . xt a tee eee
First Intermedia psvense . on i “i Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and Scientific 24. « “

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, Care of room, fuel, lights, tuition,
single rooms, $100 per quarter.

PRIMARY A?s INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS.

Ys live with the Head
pen air,

athome. Trains arrive at all hours of

 
 
  

   

 

 

ete., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance, Suites and

 

 

The work in this department is designed towels a boys of the youngest school age for the more ri eC
of pupils is limited. Special care is taken in } iorals and language of each be: Ne more advanced work of the school. The number
For Catalogue or further informatior ‘OOK, A. M., Ph. D., Head Master.

 

/ — et

Pe aan a

 
