 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Editorials ...--

First Prize

Second Prize

Leeal History

Davie Ball

ThoTrap Reerption
Commencement Exercises

PAGE
The Class of "05 sia esmxn | ate
Ou Sovictios : . 1st
Porsounls. . ; sues! OO
Exchanges . 1
Easily ‘Vranstated 105
Statistics of the Clase of 955. 106

| Pqnenks * Ar

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
She Times Publishing Company,

Publishers Daily and Weekly Tir

     
 
  

| LAW BRIEFS....
es, ON

| » « SHORT NOTICE
SUPERIOR

| PRINTERS

409 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. oy

 

6, HOAGLAND'S:
RUSSET SHOES,

    

Ors Rr FOR WINTER WEAR.

: == Celebrated University Bluchers, Outing, Tennis and
Gymnasium Shoes, Foot-Ball Shoes. Running and
Spike Shoes made to order.
Patant Leather and Evening Dress Shoes,
>t SHOES FOR COLLEGE WEAR. <

Latest Styles and Moderate Prices.

CORNELIUS HOAGLAND,

Economic Footwear,
57 CHURCH STRERT, NEW BRUNSWICK, .N.J eS SS
Opera House ORUG STORE, J NEW & sons,
MASONIC HALL, OLD RELIABLE GROGERY,

New Brunswick, N. J,

 

ADVERTISE

IN

THE ARGO. 112 Somerset Street,

FRED. P. WOLFF, : ‘yiteey

    

DEALER IN CHOICE VARIETIES oF

Fresh and Smoked Mea's and Sausage of all Kinds,

ALSO PREPARED CORN BEEF OF MY OWN MAKE. 3) EASTON AVENUE,

Dee
THE ARGO, i

 

 

REED & RANDOLPH, : Estimates given for

Special Blank Books,

Photographs,
Etchings Booksellers aul Stationers, enone,

Cards and Tuvitations

Sporting Goods,
Faney Articles,

Engravingas.
Frames Made to Order, 380 GEORGE STREET. Engraved.

—=—\THo lo WIKORE, —
Caterer : and: Fancy : Cake : Baker.

Weddings, Dinners and Parties Furnished. Manufactu fer and wholesale dealer in lee Cream and Confectionery.
Brick Moulds and Water Ices a specialty, FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT IN CONNECTION,

109 CHURCH STREET, (Two Doors Below George) NEW BRUNSWICK, N J.

 

 

 

>t SOMETHING FOR YOU, #<
THE OLD RELIABLE

CIGAR, : STATIONERY, : CONFECTIONERY : AND : YANKEE ; NOTIONS ; STORE

Has changed hands. New proprietor, new. elegant, fresh goods, Honest and confidential dealings. We have also
added a fine Lunch Counter with extra fine French Coffee, Cakes and Pies fresh on hand every day. We handle
‘*Harry’s’’ Celebrated Cigars and other well-known brands, fine Tobaccos and Cigarettes.

Daily, Sunday and Weekly Papers, Librarys, Ete.

L. LASSER, Prop’r., 112 Somerset Street, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

TARRY’ IT 1 [EE HATTER
HARRY'S IMPERIAL | §M|[H ——
i ) —MEN’S OUTFITTER,—
Fo a Good Cigar sin Goatees: How Cece
Or a fine line of SMOKER®* ARTICLES, the finest in the :

Gite. HARRY’S IMPERIAL CIGAR FACTORY, a e ; -
. Now Brunswick, 3. | OR Rut Gers Pharmacy2s

886 George Street,

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oppusite Rutgers Preparatory Schocl,

William J. McCurdy, | ROBERT D. CUDDY & 00, Prop'rs

WHOLESALE GROCERIES | A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF

Gents’, - Ladies’ - and - Children’s

Retail Galifornia Products oe
oS) SCO) 20
FLGIN GREAMERY BUTTER AND PRODUGE A SPECIALTY. 3S Jee © ig) SS) 3a

n our own farms at Weston’s
Mills
We eupply the Leading Hotels and Restaurants.

Close Prices.

 

 

At Lowest Prices,
WILLIAM J. SENGS,
EagetsEe 48 EASTON AVENUE.

425 GEORGE STREET. A Full Lin> of Athletic Sho's.

i ices on a single article
oe ae . REPAIRING NEATLY DONE.

Ail produce raised 0

|
|
|
|
|
|

dala aa
ii THE ARGO.

 

 

APKEN & MILLER, « x* |
vouint JEWELERS, *

 

 

   

 

 

Livery, Boarding, Sale and Exchange Stables,
22 BAYARD STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Special attention given to Coaches for Parties, Weddings, etc. Telephone Call 47.

1829 ee STEWART’ = cen 184.

—AGENCY FOR —
YOUNG'S HATS, —-MONARCH SHIRTS,.——_——_TANNERT’S GLOVES

CROWN BLACK HALF HOSE, FAMOUS $2.00 DERBY.

Also full line of Gentlemen’s Full Dress Furnishings.

J. S. SFEWAKT, ° - 29 CHURCH STREET.

SWEATERS FOR MEN, WOMEN AND BOYS.

 

 

 

Any Style or Color.

 

. ree / TIGHTS FOR GYMNASIUM OR FIELD. JERSEYS, Letters or Figures.
‘rape MARK, ( GUERNSEYS for life--aviug men along the coast HOO S$, HOSE or anythiag
oF, G. BR.” } that is knit on hand machines. ‘* Goods for Good Repute.”

é
For Good Repnte.? FF. G. Robinson, Robinson St., New Brunswick, N. J.

 

eee GOOD, CLEAN, BRIGHT, HARDeee

®ece Also Wood, Flour, Hay, Feed, Corn and Oats ce” e

—f

 
 

Vou. VI.

THE “ARGO:

PUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE
Rutgers College Preparatory School.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
CLARENCE GARRETSON, '95.
Senior Editor.

WILLIAM SIMPSON,
M. SEYMOUR PURDY.
FRANK ECKERSON.
CLARENCE EDWARDS “ASE.
Associate Bditors
EDGAR HARVEY SARLES, ‘9%.
JOHN ELIOT WOODBRIDGE, ‘06.
HUGH DWIGHT McDONALD, ‘%.
JOUN WILLIAM BACHE, '98,
Class Editors.
DAVID CRAWFORD WEIDNER, RALPH WILCOX BOOTH
Business Managers.
One copy, one year, seventy-five cents,
All communications should be addressed to the Sentor Editor
Serencs Caren. and must be sccompanied with the name of

Extract from the History of Rutgers College, by Professor 8.
T. Doolittle, in ‘* The College Book’?
“There has always been in connection with the college

a grammar school which, during the darkest days of the
colleg:, never closed its doors, but went on successfully in

accomplishing good work.”

 

UNE is the month for gathering in
the aunual crop of scholars, com-
pared with the agricultural products of
the year, this scholastic harvest is not
Jarge. The number of bushels of corn
and wheat annually raised so far exceeds
the number of students of schools and
colleges annually graduated that the
latter appear utterly insignificant, in
comparison from the numerical point of
view.
It is unnecessary, however, to say that

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, J., JUNE, 1895.

 

 

the numerical point of view is not the
only one, and in this case not the most
important one. Dartmouth College gradu-
ated one man whose career reflects upon
his alma mater and imperishable light of
glory. If Dartmouth had done nothing
more than give us Daniel Webster, she
would still be entitled to a high rank
among the prominent forces for good that
existed in the United States. Who will
be the Daniel Webster among the classes
of 1895, it is not safe to predict. Perhaps
many will attain eminence, perhaps none.
That makes little difference, for it is not
the general object of what is called educa-
tion to make great men, but to make men
who can think correctly. The grand busi-
ness of life is to learn to think,—not
merely to let idle thoughts pass feebly
through the brain, but to think with
vigor, with clearness, and with accuracy.

Education should remove ignorance and
prejudice. It may seem useless to empha-
size the first idea, for we are accustomed
to regard it as one of the essential .duties
of education to clear away the mists of
ignorance. Unfortunately not all who
pass through the scholastic curriculum are
in the position of Socrates, who said that
he had the advantage of others, because
he knew that he knew nothing while they
did not even know that.

The ancients would not admit slaves to
their discourses upon philosophy. Pre-
judice makes men slaves. We must ap-
proach the truth in the spirit that Christ
required of his disciples, when he said :
* Except ye become as little children ye
cannot enter the Kingdom of Heaven.”

a a
96

We cannot enter the realm of truth and
see what really is there, if we are blinded
by passion and prejudice. The grand
facts ‘of science, the glories of literature,
the beauties of art, the noble lessons of
history, the wisdom of philosophy,—these
ao not reveal themselves in all their full-
ness to him who does not approach them
in the right spirit. Let us, then, not
allow our education to fill us with pre-
judices, through which, as through a
prison, we shall view thingsin false colors
and distorted relations. Let us rather learn
to accomdate our theories to the facts,
and to receive the truth wherever we
may find it. Let us establish our princi-
plesof life, not upon our prejudices but up-
on the solid bed-rock of truth. Only thus
can we be really free men, for it is the
truth that makes us free. We will do
we'l when entering upon a course of in-
tellectual training to remember the words
of the great English philosopher, ‘‘the
approach to the kingdom of man, which
is founded in science, is as the approach
to the Kingdom of Heaven, into which it
is not permitted to enter except as a little

child.”

 

OW that vacation has come upon us
N and the school year is at an end, we
books to one side with a sigh of
And yet, did we not expect to re-
he end of a deserved
rest, that sigh would be one of regret ;
not alone because our education, to a cer-
tain degree, would be at aclose, but also
because our lot would be no longer among
those who have with us fought and con-
the preliminary battles with

lay our
relief.
new our studies at t

quered in

learning.
Yes, knowledge is an adversary which

must be overcome by battle. It cannot
be coaxed or bribed. Nevertheless, over-
powered and rightly controlled, it is of

 

THE ARGO.

invaluable service to its master. Our
preparatory school work is a drill for the
long four years’ war between knowledge
and man, which takes place in college.
This contest is the one which decides
whether the student has in him the quali-
ties necessary for the subjection of knowl-
edge, or whether he is unqualified for his
task.

Some of us have now completed our
drill and are pronounced fitted to enlist in
the great war. To this portion the larger
remaining number extends the hand for
a parting shake, and wishes all success.

Those continuing among us have differ-
ent periods to serve, one, two and three
years. But whichever it may be, it will
soon pass. The time seems very short
since last vacation, and the year from
now till next June will pass just as
quickly as has the one just finished.

Let us, during the Summer months,
store up an inexhaustible amount of
strength and energy, and return in the
Fall determined to do our share towards
maintaining for 014 Rutger’s Prep. the
reputation of turning out students as
strong as the strongest, so far as battling
with knowledge is concerned.

FIRST PRIZE—BisMarck.
LAURENCE PHILLIPS RUNYON.

On the drst of last April the world wit-
nessed a most remarkable spectacle. A
mighty empire was stirred to its very
depths from proud Emperor to lowly
peasant in paying tribute to the greatness
of one man.

For weeks previous the.din of prepara-
tion had resounded through the land in
anticipation of the great event, and the
echoes of these preparations were taken
up and carried from country to country
until the whole world reverberated with
the name of Bismarck.
97
THE ARGO.

 

The sincerity and spontaneity of these
demonstrations shows how deeply love for
the Prince is imbedded in the hearts of
the Fatherland, and with what admira-
tion and respect the whole civilized world
views the achievments of Germany’s
grand old man.

How instructive, how full of interest,
how grand are the life work and char-
acter of this warrior and statesman!
Honored and loved by a mighty nation,
respected and admired by all the world,
he has won a lasting place in the Wal-
halla of the immortals !

Bismarck has been well termed the man
of iron. Born while the Congress of
Vienna was in session attempting to re-
adjust the relations of Europe, which had
been blown to the four winds by the
meteor flight of Napoleon with its trail of
national disintegration, between his cradle
and his eightieth birthday the great Ger-
man leader has witnessed the rebirth and
reconstruction of his country.

Germany, geographically, was divided
into a number of states separated by tra-
dition and religion. Paltry kings and in-
significant rulers, upheld by the bayonets
of their several standing armies, crushed
the people by their despotisms, and all
Europe was disturbed by their constant
bickerings aud jealousies.

In spite of all these differences a deep,
national consciousness was slowly grow-
ing, and a powerful national spirit was
developing itself, which found its embodi-

ment in Bismarck. His period of active
life has been contemporaneous, not only
with the development of the German na-
tional spirit, but with the creation of
united Germany.

He has understood the

Germany of to-
day be

tter than any of his contempor-
aries. He intuitively realized what the
German heart longed for, and with the

 

al of a united Fatherland in view, he
ia his tremendous personality into 7
accomplishment. It was his master hanc
which involved Prussia, the most power-
ful of the German States, in minor con-
flicts leading up to the six weeks decisive
war with Austria which culminated in
the great victory of Sadowa. /

He realized that blood spilt in defence
of the Fatherland would best nourish the
flower of a national spirit. /

Four years later, when the triumphant
armies of the United Fatherland, guided
by the combined genius of King William
and Von Moltke, with Bismarck at the
head, drove the bleeding troops of Napo-
leon within the walls of Paris itself, the
world realized that the events which had
gone before were simply the early moves
in the great scheme which seemed about
to have a successful culmination. And
when, a few weeks later, King William
in the palace of Versailles, was crowned

_Emperor of United Germany, the whole

world, as now, united in honoring the
man whose master intellect had brought
about such far reaching results.

But Bismarck’s work was not yet done.
For nearly twenty years he labored in
perfecting that unity for which he had
given his life’s energy. His work was
not always unopposed. His marked in-
dividuality and tremendous personal force
aroused much opposition. He frequently
planted himself resolutely in the face of

so-called popular movements, and from
the start he held most strongly to the
monarchical ides

He, the father of his country, was most
bitterly assailed by his political enemies
at home and abroad.

His friends and loved companions, the
Emperor William and Von Moltke,
dropped off one by one, and with the ad-
vent to the throne of the present proud
= THE ARGO.

 

young Hohenzollern, the old man whose
high spirit would brook no dictation, gave
up the reins of government which he had
held so long, to enjoy a well earned rest.
Even in his proud exile he has been the
most prominent figure in Europe.

It was certainly most fitting as this
grand old life reached its eightieth mile-
stone that the whole world should stop
for a moment to wonder and give honor,
and that the imperious William should
make a personal pilgrimage to bear a
sovereign’s congratulations to him who
made him what he is.

As one has said, “‘it is too early to sum
up his career or to write his life, but it is
safe to say that he is one of the world’s
figures, one of those great peaks which
rise above the level plain, and to which
the eyes of men now turn with a new
tenderness because the light of sunset

rests upon them.”

 

SECOND PRIZE—OrarTorY IS NOT
DECLINING.

DAVID CRAWFORD WIEDNER.

We are sometimes told that the power
of the orator is on the wane. It is
claimed that no such orators have ever
since been found as existed in the classic
days of Greece and Rome. that Cicero and
Demosthenes reached the climax of ora-
torical achievement, and that since them
various causes have diminished the ora-

tor’s influence.
This we empha
we claim, has not de
as great a power as ever.
It is claimed that newspapers have
taken the place of orators. Can this be
so? Newspapers have their place and do
their work, but do not in every respect do
There is greater

the work of orators.

tically deny. Oratory,
clined, but is today

 

 

need of public speakers today than ever
before.

Very little is really known as to the
power which the orations of the ancient
orators produced. We have some of their
orations, but did they all produce much
impression on their hearers? If they did
would we not know more regarding this
effect? They certainly did not begin to
contain as many facts as those of today,
and we doubt whether they were as
powerful in their effect as is sometimes

claimed.

Let us look at some of the orators of

both ancient and modern times. Let us
first look at the orators of ancient times.
After the Roman Senate was turned
against Catiline, Qicero simply strength-
ened their purpose of casting him out of
the city, nothing else. Cesar tried to
prosecute Dolabella for extortion, but was
unsuccessful. He did not turn the minds
of any audience. Did Demosthenes’ Phil-
ippics influence the Athenians as_ he
wished ?
Let us now look at some of the orators
of modern times. Did not Webster in his
reply to Hayne of South Carolina mould
the minds of the United States Senate at
his will? Of Rufus Choate it is said:
«« Whether he addressed a jury of twelve
men or a crowded audience, he seemed to
bend their minds almost at his will.”’
Did not the eloquence of Erskine make it
safe to speak and print? And that of
Romley make life and property safe in
every city of the English empire ¢ Were
not many minds turned against slavery by
the eloquence of Wendell Phillips and
Henry Ward Beecher !
While the age has advance
Education has
better educated and have

doratory has
not stood still. advanced.
The orators are
they not advanced ¢

Oratory comprises three elements ; pet

 
THE ARGO. 99

 

suasion, invective, description. Its great
object is to convince men, to influence
their opinions, and to lead them to some
action. In all these respects we do not
fear to compare the orators of the eigh-
teenth or nineteenth centuries with those
of classical times. More than that, we assert
that wherever a modern orator does af-
fect an audience he shows greater power
than ever, because the audiences are less
easily moved. The great diffusion of intelli-
gence makes them less susceptible to the
orator’s power, and therefore when they
are swayed by the magic of his voice and
his skill, he displays greater power.

Compare one of the best passages from

Cicero with one of those from Daniel
Webster. Addressing the arch traitor
the great consul says: ‘‘O, the times!
O, the morals! The Senate knows these
things, the consul sees them; yet he
lives ! lives! Nay, rather comes into the
Senate, is made a participant of the pub-
lic plan; each and everyone he marks and
designates for slaughter. We, however,
brave men, think we satisfy tne republic
if we avoid his fury and his weapons.
You ough! long since to have been led to
execution by the order of the consul. The
destruction which you have long been
plotting against us vught to be brought
upon yourself.”

Now turn to the eloquent American.
In his address before the United States
Senate he said: ‘‘When my eyes shall
be turned to behold for the last time the
Sun in Heaven, may I not see him shining
on the broken and dishonored fragments
of a once glorious Union ; on States dis-
severed, discordant, belligerent.”

LOCAL HISTORY.

 

We are not supposed to be very old in
our country. In fact we boast of our |

newness, and regard it as a proof of our
general ‘‘smartness, ” that we are new
and yet have accomplished wonders. To
be sure there are some things that do not
have much as yet to say for themselves,
because we have not had time to develop
them. For example, we cannot pride our-
selves very highly upon our roads. In
most parts of our country they are
wretched at their best and simply horrible
at their worst. Forimprovements in them
we owe a great debt of gratitude to the
bicycle and its riders, but while a little
has been done, the work has thus far
hardly been commenced.

Yet while we admire our youth we
must not forget that we are growing old:
as fast as we can, and already there are
signs, feeble perhaps, but apparent and
increasing, that we are not ashamed of
the fact that we have one century behind
us and are getting out of our national
cradle, if one may avail himself of such a
figure.

A vast crowd rushes to Europe every
Summer and returns with broader views
and a juster appreciation of what we have
done, and let us sincerely hope, with a
wiser idex of whut we have to do. There
the traveller meets an older civilization;
he wanders among cathedrals and palaces
whose foundation stones were laid before
the Pilgrims set foot on Plymouth Rock;
he treads pavements on which Roman
armies marched; he admires the English
constitution, the growth of a thousand
years; he sees great universities whose
history goes back to the time of Charle-
magne and Alfred; he experiences every-
where a feeling of durability and stability,
such as should characterize a mighty
nation, but which our own new buildings
with the paint hardly dry upon them, fail
to excite.

I can never forget the peculiar sort of
100

 

awe that came over my mind as I sat one
Sabbath afternoon, some years ago, under
the shadow of an old church in the little
village of Hohenlohe near Leipzig and con-
versed with the village pastor. That
church, he told us, was over five hundred
years old, and parts of it were thought to
date back as far as Roman times.

‘Yhere is consecrating power in time
And what is gray with years to man is God-like. ”

There is no doubt about it; we are at-
tracted to a certain degree by that which
has withstood the assaults of time and
still is strong and durable.

We must not go to foreign land to see
what is very old, to examine the cities
that Caesar knew, or Socrates dwelt in,
or Jesus wept over. But while we
have no Jerusalem, or Athens, or Rome
within the borders of the United States,
we do have places that are comparatively
ancient, and we are making history as fast
as weareable. This history deserves atten-
tion before it becomes so remote that the
twilight of a real antiquity prevents us
from clearly distinguishing its outlines.
This is a task which may, and should, in-
terest and attract localinvestigators, who
can, if they make the effort, save some-
thing that will perhaps hereafter possess
great value.

An instance of the truth of what has
been said may be found in New Brunswick,
New Jersey, which became a city in 1730.
England still ruled her North American
colonies, New Jersey among the number,
and no one had heard of Populists,
twenty story buildings, or telephones.
To see the streets in some quarters of the
present town, you would judge them to

be the original paths along which the pre-
revolutionary fathers strolled, and such,
I believe they really are. Narrow, odd,
rambling, they remind you strongly of an
old world city. One peculiarity is very

 

THE ARGO.

noticeable to a new-comer. It is quite
customary to build close up to the street
line and extend the steps and the stoop
away out onto the sidewalk. One would
think that this custom would go out of
date, but it still is frequently practised.
Each day I pass a new house, pub up with-
ina year, whose steps actually occupy
half the sidewalk. Back of the houses
and behind the walls or fences it is not
uncommon to find pleasant grounds, un-
profaned by the vulgar gaze of the passer-
by, reserved for the private enjoyment of
the owner and his family.

One notices the old Datch names, for
this is a Dutch town, like Van Wickle,
Van Renneselaer, Voorhees, Vaa Buskirk,
Van Slyke, Hardenbergh, and the like,
some of which belong to families that
have been in the place from its very be-
ginning. If you meet a ‘* Brunswicker ”
in the evening, it makes no differeace at
what hour, early or late, he never says
‘‘oo0d evening,” but invariably greets
you with ‘‘ good night. ”

Not only is the city historic and peculiar,
but so also are its surroundings. Along
the banks of the Raritan river on which
New Brunswick is situated, the armies of
the Revolution marched and camped,
when the British were chasing Washington
to and fro, and Washington was harassing
the British to the best of his ability. A
house on the east side is pointed out as on
one occasion a stopping place of his. On
a range of hills a few miles distant is an
immense rock, now white-washed and
visible for many miles, from which it is
said Washington watched the enemy.

From it you can see the towers of the
Brooklyn bridge, the cities of Newark,
Klizabeth, Plainfield, New Brunswick,
Perth Amboy, numerous villages, the
winding Raritan, full of vessels, the
Passaic, the locomotives sending up puffs
THE ARGO, 101

of smoke on three or four railroads, and
all the signs of a numerous and busy
population. What emotions.would thrill
the heart of Washington, could he return
and view the landscape now from this
lofty lookout where once he saw forests
and red-coated British soldiers !

New Brunswick is the place where the
Vanderbilt fortune took its rise. You may
see in the older part of the city, on one of
its narrowest streets, the old “ tavern” in
which the ‘‘Commodore” once lived
from which he sent out stages in all di-
rections, where in those days must have
been a very active trade and busy, bust-
ling times. From the dock behind the
tavern his boats used to start on their
trips to New York.

No mention of New Brunswick would
be complete that omitted to speak of the
college, founded in 1760 and still an active
and efficient power in the cause of educa-
tion. Nine colleges, Rutgers among the
number, were established before the
Declaration of Independence was signed.
They are all prosperous today, and they
have very aptly been termed the nine
Muses of the Revolution. Rutgers origi-
nated in a protest of the Dutch against
the arbitrary action of Columbia college,
in refusing them a professorship of Dutch
divinity. The complete story of its estab
lishment and early struggles would take
ina large portion of our educational
history.

I have spoken of New Brunswick and
its vicinity because at present they are
known to me, and because I wish toshow
that while we may not have among us
antiquities as remote in historic periods
as London, or Athens, or Paris, we do
have regions of great historic interest to

“Americans. Not all places lend themselves
so readily to historic investigation as this.
Not all have had so much to do with

 

 

Revolutionary and = anti-Revolutionary
times, and not all possess so many _ tradi-
tions and peculiar customs. But almost
all have something of a history. There
are very few cities of any size that do not
possess a local flavor and a local color,
and these things ought to be preserved
before their origin becomes obscured.
What more interesting than the study of
peculiarities of the place in which we
live? Can any young student of history
or of social institutions find anytning
better for his time and energy ?

BASE BALL GAMES.

Saturday afternoon, June 1, our base
ball team played a game against the nine
of the Jersey City Field Club, on the
college grounds. Although it was very
hot, aninteresting and exciting game was
played.

In the first inning the J.C. F. C. scored
two runs and our boysscored none. There
was no more scoring until the fifth inning
when the J. C. F.C. made one run. In
the sixth inning R. C. P. 8S. went to pieces
and five J. C. runners crossed the plate.
In our half of the sixth we scored one run.
In the seventh inning another J. C. man
scored. In the eighth inning Jennings
struck out three men successively. In the
ninth inning the J. C. F. C. gotin another
runand R. C. P. S. four, making the
score stand 10 to 5.

Our boys batted better than usual and
played a steady game throughout with
the exception of one inning. Van Dyck,
of the college umpired.

One of the prettiest games ever wit-
nessed on Neilson Field came off Tuesday
afternoon, June 4. It was between our
team of the Y. M.C. A. We had been
beaten by this team once before this year
and our boys went to work to wipe out
that defeat.
102

In the first inning with the Y. M. CG. A.
at the bat, Foster made a base hit and
stole second. Conover hit the ball and
Foster went to third. Rooney was hit by
the ball. Foster and Conover came home
on errors. Vosper knocked a little fly
which MacDonald caught. Rooney came
in on Harra’s hit. Harra got to first and
Leary knocked a fly to McGann who
threw the ball to second in time to catch
Harra. For R. ©. P. S., Kirkpatrick
made a base hit, stole second, to get to
third on an error. Sarles knocked a fly
to right field and Hoffman, knocked a
grounder to pitcher. Rapalje was put
out at first.

Second inning—Mattison hit a grounder
to second and was caught on first; Buzzee
knocked the ball to first—just where it
was wanted; Premo made a base hit but
Foster knocked a fly toMacDonald. Jen-
nings got first on Conover’s error and
stole second, third and home; MacDonald
made a base hit and stole second, third
and home; Janeway hit past second,
stole second and was caught on third ;
Plumley struck out; McGann got his base
on balls, stole second and was caught
stealing third.

Third inning—Conover was put out at
first; Rooney struck out; Vosper got first
on an error; and Harra struck out; Kirk-
patrick made a base hit; Sarles, Hoffman
and Rapalje were put out at first.

Fourth inning—Leary got his base on
an error; Mattison knocked a fly to first;
Buzzee made a base hit; Premo knocked
a fly to Hoffman; and Leary was caught
napping on third; Jennings knocked ably
to right field; MacDonald struck out;
Janeway made a base hit and Plumley
struck out.

Fifth inning—Foster flied out to Jane-
way; Conover got first and second on
errors, stole third and came home on

 

THE ARGO.

Rooney’s hit; Rooney made his base and
Vosper knocked a home run bringing him
in; Harra was hit with the ball, stole sec-
ond and third and came home on an error;
Leary flied out to Janeway; Mattison got
his base on errors and Buzzee was put out
at first; Kirkpatrick hit a fly to short;
Sarles got first on errors but was caught
on second and Hoffman knocked a pop
fly to pitcher.

Sixth inning—Premo was put out at
first; Foster’s foul was caught and Cono-
ver was put out at first; Rapalje was put
out at first; Jennings got first on an error;
Mac Donald hit the ball and the two men
came in on Janeway’s base hit; Plumley
and McGann flied out.

Seventh inning—-Rooney struck out;
Vosper and Harra got bases on errors;
and Leary and Mattison flied out; Kirk-
patrick flied out; Sarles was caught on
second and Rapalje failed to reach first.

Eighth inning — Buzzee, Premo and
Foster knocked grounders and were put
out at first; Jennings struck out; Mac
Donald got four balls, stole second
and came in on Janeway’s hit; Plumley
knocked a foul which was caught and
Janeway came in on McGann’s hit; Kirk-
patrick was put out at first.

Ninth inning—With the score a_ tie
everyone played his best. Conover and
Rooney got first on errors and stole sec-
ond, Conover making third on an error;
Vosper brought in two runs on his hit;
Harra and Leary flied out; Sarles made a
base hit; Hoffman got his base on errors;
Rapalje flied out to center and a double
play was made putting Sarles out on sec-
ond; Jennings madea base hit and stole
second and third; Hoffman came in on the
hit. With two out and one run necessary
to the score MacDonald goes to bat and
after the second strike has been called he
knocks a pretty base hit and Jennings
THE ARGO. 103

 

comes home. Pandemonium reigns.
Janeway makesa base hit and MacDonald
goes to second and then to third once on
an error. Then Plumley knocks a pop fly
to pitcher.

Tenth inning—The Y. M. C. A. get four
men to the bat but it does no good and
their side is out. McGann makes a base
hit and steals second. Kirkpatrick knocks
a liner into right fieldand McGann comes
home. The game was called with no one
out. Y.M.C.A,9;R.0.P.5S., 10.

Captain Runyon of the college team
umpired. The score follows:

 

. BR. 1B. P.O, A. E.
Kirkpatrick, c.........+.- 038 2 4 2
Sarlet, 2.25 0:60... . 56 0 2 1 0 2
Hoffman, 3d ..... 5 11 4 0 0
Rapalje, 2d....... .. 56 0 0 2 6 O
Jennings, p... .......-.- 5 8 1 38 1 2
MacDonald, s.8......----- 5 8 8 2 8 1
Janeway, Lf..........--+ 5 2 56 8 0 0
Plumley, 1b.........-- -- 5 0 012 0 8
MoGann, 6.f 03506000080 5 1 8 1 1
Wotels: ciscswaccsvascios 46 10 18 30 15 10

THE “TRAP” RECEPTION.

On the evening of June 6th, Dr. and
Mrs. Payson gave a reception for the boys
ct the home. Dr. and Mrs. Payson had
done their utmost, as they always do, to
give the boys a good time. The evening
was beautiful. The grounds werelighted
by Japanese lanterns hung on the trees.
Inside the rooms were decorated with
greens and wild flowers, artistically ar-
ranged.

When the guests entered they were re-
ceived by Mrs. Payson, Mrs. Dr. Scott and
Mrs. Ames. Time was allowed for the
guests to meet one another and then they
were escorted to the dining hall where Dr.
Payson introduced Mr. William Howell
Edwards, of Brooklyn. Mr. Edwards
gave excellent recitations and musical
selections. His imitation of a ‘‘hurdy
gurdy” was especially good. His last

 

number was a recitation of Conan Doyle's
story, ‘The Speckled Band.” He was
greatly enjoyed by all.

After the entertainment refreshments
were served-and then the floor was cleared
for dancing. This was enjoyed till nearly
one o'clock. A large lemonade bowl was
in the reading room, and was often filled
up, showing that the lemonade was very
acceptable. The guests bid farewell to
the hosts and went ‘each unto his own
abode,” having had an enjoyable evening.

The Arao, in behalf of the boys at the
Trap, wishes to express to Dr. and Mrs.
Payson its sincere thanks, not only for
this reception, but also for their constant
attention to care for the boys, both indi-
vidually and as members of the happy
family at the “Trap.”

THE COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES.

Thursday evening, June 13, Kirkpatrick
Chapel was the scene of one of the best
commencement exercises ever given by
the Senior Class of Rutgers Preparatory
School. Owing to favorable  circum-
stances the audience which gathered was
very large. The programme was as fol-
lows :

The exercises were conducted by Dr.
Payson. All the orations were delivered
with great earnestness, which was very
creditable to the students. There were
two prizes given for excellence in oratory.
The first, of $10, given by Dr. Scott, was
awarded to Laurence Phillips Runyon,
and the second, of $5, given by Mr. J. N.
Carpenter. was awarded to David Craw-
ford Weidner. The judges were Rev.
Mr. Wheeler, Dr. Hart and Dr. Bevier.
After a short, earnest address by Dr. Pay-
son to the graduates, he presented them
with their diplomas. The music furnished
by Prof. Garland was very much ad-
mired by all.
104

 

The Glass of ‘98 gave. great credit to
themselves by not hooting and disturbing
the exercises in general to a very great
extent, as the Sophomores generally do,
but after the exercises were over they
tried to scare the Freshmen by their fool-
ish pranks. They did not succeed in their
attempt, as they were not as easily scared
as was thought.

The men of ’97 took a very willing and
strong hand in the defence of the Fresh-
men. The men of ’97 deserve great credit
in protecting the men of 99. After the
exercises the class went to the Mansion
House, where a delicious banquet was set
before them, after which the boys took a
promenade through the city, cheering and
arousing people as they went. The Class
of ’99 wish to thank the Class of ’97 for

their kind assistance.

 

 

THE CLASS OF ’95.

How shall I start? I cannot say, ‘“‘We,
the Class of °95,” because I am not one of
the we’s. Well, they, the Class of 95,
(for it is about this class that I am writ-
ing) have passed muster in the moods,
cases, numerals, angles, and the (x&y’s).
They can now smile on the Prep. boys,
for they will soon, in most cases, be
‘**Freshies.”” Good-bye, boys, we hope to
meet you in the future.

The history of this class is unparalleled.
They have left wonderful ‘footprints on
the sands of time,” especially Gar——,
who wears a number, well hisshoe covers
nearly an acre. An old adage says that
‘‘variety is the spice of life,” and if that
is true, this class is very spicy. Their
feet run from that of our friend above to
the Trilby feet of “*Bilkee.” Their voices
flow from that of Captain J., to the ora-
torical sounds of David Weid-r. Some
part their hair in the middle, some on the

 

THE ARGO.

ide and others do not know what a part
is, like our friend Mr. “Pijlk.” Some have
pallid complexions, probably they have
used “Cubebs” too much lately. Some
have flushed faces, probably too much
“Port” lately. Some have a meek and
lowly expression. Such a person would
never indulge in severe exercise, such as
galloping through the rough road of
exams on a “pony.” Now there’s our
friend Will Je——ings, who can pass
an exam without anybody around, (?) and
M. V. Camp——l, who expects to enter
Harvard because he does not smoke.

So much for the boys as individuals.

The class as a whole is magnificent,
manly, marvellous and monumental.
The average height is 5 ft. 10 in., the

tallest person being 6 ft. 2 in., and the

shortest 5 ft. 5in. The average weight
is 139 lbs. 9 0z.; the heaviest person
weighing 178 lbs., the lightest 111 Ibs.
The average age is 17 years 10 months,
the eldest being 21 years of age and the
youngest 16 years. We are sorry to hear
that some keep company and that some
are engaged. Ten of the class expect. to
go to Rutgers College and one to Har-
vard. Three of the ten will take the
classical course, the remainder the scien-
tific.

The Class of 95 can now say ‘Rare.
well to the school days at Rutgers Pre-
paratory. We hope to see them often as
visitors and trust they will always re-
member the scarlet and white.

* Fare ye well.”

 

OUR SOCIETIES.

R. C. P. 5. seems to have an abundance
of literary societies, and perhaps if we
measured swords with some schools in de-
bate, we would come out better than we
have in some ball games,
THE ARGO, 105
»

Jefferson Lyceum League, No. 796
has grown rapidly this year and the vanes
bers have enjoyed weekly debates This
is perhaps the most strictly literary mm
ciety in the school. Clarence Garretson
has been the honored president, _*

The Delta Theta was started this year
and we hope it will develope some ‘good
material. They have very tasty badges
but these are seen more often on ian
than on coats. a

The Beta Phi is strictly a Trap society
and contains some of the best Trap fel-
lows. This ‘‘fraternity” did not start up
this year until January, but it has a good
membership,

PERSONALS.

The various college fraternities
“rushing” the ’96 boys.

are

Swimming was a pleasure enjoyed by
many during those hot days.

“Will I be promoted?” is a question
troubling the cadets now. Wait until
next September and then see.

Case had an attack of the measles re-
cently which left his eyes in such a weak
condition that he was unable to complete

the term in school.

Many boys at the Trap have had pic-
tures of their rooms taken lately. Some
very a‘ tractive views of the buildings and
grounds we have also seen from the
camera of Mr. Schlieder.

Ernest Rapalje and George Voorhees
rode to Trenton on their wheels, May 11,
and teok in the Princeton- Harvard game
on their way back.

The Fourth Form meets nearly every

day.

 

The Trap was visited by two Italians
with a hand organ May 9.

The Trap base ball diamond was the
scene of a bon-fire Monday night, June
10. The remains of severalold fences and
all other combustible material near at
hand disappeared in the course of opera-
tions.

Miss Mabel Burt a niece of Miss Bate-
man, was a guest at the Trap for a few
days after the reception.

William McMahon has not been absent
from drill a single day in two years, and
only one day in three years. (Good for

you.)

 

EXCHANGES.

The Adjutant, of the Michigan Military
Academy, credits the Arco to Rutgers
College, instead of our Preparatory
School.

As all the editors of the Mnemosyneau
are young ladies, it may properly be
called a sister publication.

The Daily Academe, of Colgate Aca-
demy, is a very well edited paper.

Thanks are due the Union School
Quarterly, of Glens Falls, N. Y., for good
advice in regard to editing the exchange
column.

 

EASILY TRANSLATED.

There is a young man in town who
will shortly pay for a new hat which he

will not wear himself. .
“Do you read French ¢” asked a friend.

‘As well as English,” said the young
man. /
“A hat you can’t read this,” and the
tempter wrote on a slip of paper, ‘Pas de
lieu Rhone que nous.”
“That’s nonsense,” said the young man,
passing his eye over the line, ‘‘anc Til bet
the hat that you can’t read it, either.

“Oh, that’s all I wanted you to say.
Here’s where I win the hat,” and he read :

“Paddle your own canoe.”— Washing-

ton Post.
SOME STATISTICS OF THE CLASS OF ’95.

 

 

 

Name. \s\s Smoke. Engaged. Keep Company. Future Occupation.
M. V. Campbell|17 |145/Has sworn off. No. No. Harvard Prof.
C. Garretson 21 Lis Yes. No. Whenever I can. Lawyer.
W. N. Jennings 16)144| When pa is not around|No. You bet. Lawyer.
| W. Mettler \16)116|No.

No.- - Ma won't let me. Ship Builder.
F. E. Peabody |20|160\No.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- Doubtful as to nu’ber Certainly. ‘Doctor.
|W. F. Plumley |17/145,When madon’tsee me|No. When somebody turns up Minister.
)L. P. Runyon |18/117;)When [have the mon|No. Not very steady. Broker.
; \E. H. Sarles = [16111)No. No. No. A great man with Ph.D.
2 D.C. Weidner |18 130'No. No. Yes. Minister, Ref.
SH. J. Weston 20 165 Latest cigar imported. | Yes. Yes. Walking delegate.
= F. H. Winn 17\129/Yes. No. \Can’t get anybody. Give it up. :
3 |
=)
= ees a
| Name. Favorite Pastime. \Favorite Expression| Religious Pref 8 = Future Home.
M. V. Campbell Studying for Exams. {I will not. Dutch Ref. 2.9
C. Garretson

$2.9|Cambridge.
‘Reading and Studying'I’ll tell you my idea.|Dutch Ref. 85.4\Somerville or vicinity.
W. N. Jennings Writing for the Argo. Have you the Greek “Dutch Ref. 85.4;/Where the People are dilatory.
J. W. Metter |Feeding chickens. Fine bird.

 

Dutch Ref. 84. |On the Somerset Poultry Farm.
F. E. Peabody |Athletics. Going up the road. |Congregational 83.5|In the Parlor City.
W. F. Plumley (Studying Greek. Mother won’t let me./Presbyterian, 88.1/Holy Hill.
\t P. Runyon |Walking the avenue. |The exams are over.|Presbyterian. |85.3/Oh my, I don’t know.
|. H. Sarles Chewing tacks.

By gum. Baptist. 89.5
D. C. Weidner \Coll’ing subscriptions.|Got that money? Dutch Ref. 84.5
H.

F.

Weston (Talking in school. Plenty of time. Presbyterian. (85.6

Where the people grow small.
J. é |
H. Winn Studying hard. Go to the deuce. Not decided. 83.8

The sky.

In the palace of a king.
In the dormitory.

 

106
 

THE ARGO. 107

oe. AT 9

HARDING & WANSPIRLD’S
FACTORY AND RETAIL STORE,

No 9 Peace Street, - New Brunswick, N. J,

™=GYMNASTIC SHOES IN GREAT VARIETY. =<

  

 

 

Bogert has the unfortunate habit of
taking shower baths on his divinal
promenades with the rising bell.

Garretson became excited in our last
drill and executed a bayonet charge on
Purdy.

Why was H. C. Voorhees afraid of
catching the scarlet fever from his Delta
Theta pin ?

Peabody, (singing)—‘‘Although I am
stuck up, I am not proud !”

Bogert, (listening)—‘‘Well, you’ve no
reason to be.”

Rehberger is quite ‘“‘jokified.”
Almost every day Charles Corbin, of
Oxford, attempts to break his record of

20 3-5 seconds for the distance around the
Trap.”

 

** Why is Bogert’s upper lip like a foot-
b: ll game?’ ‘It is first down—three
yards to gain.”

A certain Trap fellow filling out a
blank in getting a book at the college
library put down the name of the pub-
lisher as the author. The book was Mil-
ton’s “Paradise Lost” and the man was a
fourth form scientif.

Scholar—‘‘I think I could tell all I
know in fifty minutes.”
Prof.—‘*Wouldn’t five do ?”

 

“Vil tell you !” |

a
|
1
7

 
108 THE ARGO,

YOUNG MEN, LOOK!
WHEN YOU WANT

Shoes : of : Hwvery : Degétiption

Base Ball; Reception, and any kind of Shoes you may wish for. Give
him a call and he will do you good. PRICES LOW.

BR SHOE C0. x

Is the Cheapest place in the City to buy your
Footwear. Everything up to date.

ARCHER SHOE C0.
SK : MANUFACTURERS. :
17 PEACE STREET, FOOT OF CHURCH.

“3 HE BERKLEY ”
= Livery and Boarding Stable:-

J H. POTTER, Proprietor,
86 & 88 ALBANY STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. Jd.

Carriages and Coaches to llire. Trucking of all Kinds Promptly Attended to,

TRUNKS CARRIED TO AND FROM TUE DEPOT Telephone 99B.

ERNEST DEVER,

H AIRD BE S § E h CLARK, Photographer.

355 George Street, NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

 

 

 

 

 

ee
jo
=
c>

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TONSORIAL PARLOR,

Only Studio on the Ground Floor on the

 

No. 863 George St Main Promenade Street.
Photos in Artistic Styles. Children’s Pictures and
FIRST-CLASS WORK ONLY. Life Size Portraits a Specialty. Prompt-

—————— ness and Best Work at Lowest Prices,

 

Horse Cars connecting with P. R. R. and
Raritan River Railroad pass the door.

 
McDede’s Livery, 23 Easton Av.

  

_A NDAUS, BERLINS, BROUGHAMS AND LIGHT CARRIAGES.
RUTGERS COLLEGE | WIANSION HOUSE,

Rutgers Scientific School
arose enatacesate Te > | No, 105-107 Albany Street.

2" The Classical Department is broad and thorough, and by a
Revision and Enlargement of the curriculum affords unusual facill- —ON THE——
ties for Elective Courses throughout the Junior and Senior years in |
rae St English, eect Gomes liste Marbomatler. As: |

momy, ory, Political Science, Philosophy, Physics, Chemistry, ‘
and Biology. miss Piysencocmiuys  FTROPEAN & AMERICAN PLAN.
The Scientific Department is the New Jers*y State College for |

| L. D. MAS, Prop'r.

 

the benefit of Agricultare and the Mechanic Arts.

_ ‘There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree In
science.
1,

 
 

nurse B Aericaltare. ‘ 1M ‘

2. A Course in Civil Engineering and Mechanics. $ SU PRS SP y

= A Ooures in Civil Begins BANQUETS AND SUPPERS A SPECIALTY.

4. A Course in Electricity. | ee

5. A Course in Biology. |
The plan of

COLLEGE EXTENSION. |

has been enlarged. Se ‘eral ad titional courses of lectures in variou8

. jence and literature are offered and will be given |
Jersey, at such centres as mey arrange wiih the = |
sion Department, Prof. Louis Bevier Jr., Ph.D.
es or other information, address IRVING 8S. |
tra

rar.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D., LL.D., President.

A. CRAIG VOORHEES
Graduate - Optician.

EYES EXAMINED FREE AND GLASSES PROPERLY FITTED.
AL full Pine of Diamonds, Matches and fine Yewelry.
AGENT FOR ALL THE LEADING MAKES OF SARETY BICYCLES,

11d Church Street, ove voor vemw ceorse, New Brunswick, N. WJ.

 

 

 
 
 
   
 

 
I UG aS
PREPARATORY SCHOOL
New Brunswick, New Jersey.

FOUNDED 1766.

+* INSTRUCTORS: ¥*

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Ph.D., Head-Master,
CHARLES B. AMES, A.B., Latin Master.
CLINTON CLARK, AB. English Miglin:
WILLIAM M. STRONG, A.B., Greek Master.
EUGENE BETTS, M.S., Chemistry.
EDWARD L. BARBOUR, Elocution.
MISS SARAH F. CARY, French and German.

JOHN J. BRERETON, 1st Lieut. 24th U. 8S. Infantry,

Instructor in Military Tactics

PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS,

MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS, Principal.
MISS ANNIE S. WATERS,
: : > Instructors.
MISS GRACE ANDREWS, _ }

For particulars address ELIOT R. PAYSON, Ph.D., Head Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.

 
