 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5» THE ARGO
aly ae
: Founded 1889

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

November 4, 1960

 

 

Parents’ Group Meets;
New Officers Preside

Rutgers Preparatory School held it first Parents’ Asso-
ciation meeting of the year on Tuesday, October 25, at the
Preparatory School gymnasium.

Dr. Milton Kleinman, psychologist, was the main speaker
of the evening; his topic was “The Use and Understanding
of Testing.” ee ee

Alumni Speak books in honor of birthdays and

In addition to Dr. Kleinman’s| anniversaries. A list of appro-

talk, four former Rutgers Pre-| priate titles is available in the
paratory School alumni spoke on| library. Mrs. Neuwirth also an-
“My. Preparation for College at|sWered questions about the li-
Prep.” The panel proved inter-|brary’s program,
esting and informative to the| Following the business meet-
parents because it pointed out|!s, parents had the opportunity
the preparation received: at the| Of talking with the faculty. This
Preparatory School in compari-|talk helped the parents get to
son to other private and public| know the teachers of their sons
schools. |and daughters.

Elect Officers | Mae

Mrs. Florence Kauffelt, presi- Argo Members

dent of the Parents’ Association °
replaced Dr. Harriet Aiken who Altend Seminar
had served capably during the| Three staff members of The
Previous year, Other members| Argo attended a newspaper sem-
who were elected to office are|inar conducted by the New
Mr. Jerome Halpern, vice presi-| Brunswick Home News on Oct.
dent; Mrs. David Weimer, secre-| 13. Mr. Michael L. Lasser, faculty
Mr. Russell was accompanied by
and Mrs. David Lampen,|Marion Kellogg, Jean Kramer,
chairman of the class mothers.|and Richard Patt.

Association Helps Library Approximately ninety repre-

Since last year, the Parents’|Sentatives from high schools
Association has been deeply con-| throughout Middlesex and Som-
cerned with the advancement of |erset counties were present. The

 

 

 

  

 

Gottlieb briefs new class officers:
Schatzman. ©

David Weiss, Edward Freedman,
Resta, and Richard Frantzreb wel
idents of their various classes w)
held their first meetings of the y
6, 1960.

Each grade picked a president, a vice presi-

: Weiss, Hess, Freedman, Resta,
Missing: Frantzreb.

Also Pick Resta, Frantzreb

Presidents Weiss, Freedman
Lead Junior, Senior Classes

By Leo Motiuk
Dolores
re elected pres-
hen the classes
ear, on October

dent Council,

   
   
 
 
 

 

 

dent, and a secretary-treasurer,
leading their respective grades,
presidents and the senior and junior vice presi-
dents also represent their classmates on the Stu-

In addition to
the four new

To be eligible for an office, a candidate had

to meet two qualifications. The
first qualification stated that all
candidates must have attended
Rutgers Preparatory School prior
to this year, and the second
qualification established a seven-
ty-five as the scholastic average
necessary for officer eligibility.
Dr, Heinlein Advises Students
During the first week of school,
Dr. David M. Heinlein, head-
master, urged the student body
to think seriously about their
class elections. He asked every-
one to watch his classmates
carefully and to pick out the
ones whom they thought would
make the best officers. Dr. Hein-
lein hoped that all students
would vote for a candidate on
the basis of qualifications, rather
than popularity,
(Continued on page 3)

 

the Rudolphs Memorial Library./ purpose was to familiarize stu-
Parents, under Mrs. Leon Hess,|/dents working on a high school
have generously volunteered their] Paper with the proceedure on a
time and services as typists to| Professional paper which issues
help with the original catalogu-|three editions daily.
ing of the books. The participants were given a
iicocoves, Mrs, Kauffelt and{tour of the plant, After lunch,
‘there were brief lectures on vari-

brarian, urged members to donate|ous phases of newspaper work.
Ye Dial Representatives
Visit C.S.P.A. Conference
ce Press

 

The hosted its
annual high school and college yearbook conference at Columbia
University on October 14 and 15.

The delegation from Rutgers Preparatory School consisted of
Mrs. Margaret M. Wilson, YE DIAL advisor; Carol Heinlein, editor-
in-chief; Richard Schatzman, photography editor; Charles Levy,
layout editor; Carol] Hutner, copy editor; and Karen Kane, typing
editor. After this, they attended a per-
formance of “La Plume de Ma
Tante” at the Royale Theater.
The tickets were obtained by
Mr. Harold Levy

Evaluate Yearbook

On Saturday morning, clinics
were held which provided more
specific criticism for each year-
book. Mrs. Wilson and Editor
Heinlein attended one of these
at which the 1960 Ye Dial re-
cieved criticism; the other dele-
gates attended a different con-
ference to obtain new ideas
about layout and theme varia-

Theme Suggested

The theme of this year’s con-
ference was “The Yearbook as
the story of the school year.” In
the various meetings attended by
the delegates on Friday, sugges-
tions were made as to the proper
method of incorporating this
theme into each yearbook.

Advice was given concerning
the proper contents of a year-
‘book. Much emphasis was placed
on including only those areas of
school life important to the story
of the year and eliminating

 

men.

We feel we have chosen the two
people with the most enthusiasm
and ability. Moreover, we are
srateful that most of the com-
petitors have continued their
active part as members of our
staff,” Mr. Lasser stated.

The editors were chosen after
three weeks of instructions by
Mr. and Mark Levine,
Editor-in-chief of The Argo,
basic points of newspaper work,
headline writing, and news sto-
ries. They were chosen for their
ability to write good news stories
and headlines, their proficiency
in answering questions, and their
keen interest in the paper.

Get Practical Training

As the year the
new editors are expected to
familiarize themselves with the
workings of The Argo. in-
cludes proper newspaper writing,
proper headline writing, dummy-

5

 

 

everything else. tions from other yearbooks.
Friday night the conferees took
time out for a French meal at

the restaurant, Steak de Paris,
Council Sponsers
Autumn Hayride

 

The Board of Trustees of
Rutgers Preparatory School

Rutgers Preparatory School/held its monthly meeting at
held its annual hayride on Octo-|the Preparatory School on
ber 29. This event was sponsored|Tuesday, October 19. Dr.

by the Student Council) and the|Kenneth Erfft, President of

Board Holds Monthly

Inaugurates Fund-Raising Drive

ing and lay-out work.

 

 

    

 

  
   

 

 

 

planning committee consisted of|the Board, chaired the meet-
Richard Patt, Connie Hess, Eddie|ing, which the first of
Freedman and Dolores Resta. the 1960-61 year.
The Aaron Plumbing Company Committees Form
and Colonial « Transport} The plan devised is to be
loaned the truck id the hay/as follows: various commit-
y donated as an anonymous|tees, which will consist of
alumni, parents of recent
a route thru| alumni, and friends of them,
the Watchung Mts. and included| are to be formed under the
a stop at Famous Densons for|guidance of the Board of
something to eat. Trustees,

 

Argo Chooses Editors;
Freshmen Bolster Staff

By Michael Jacobs
Michaci Jacobs and Ralph Rosenberg arc the now
Editors of THE ARGO, Mr. Michael L. Lasser, ARGO advisor, made
the announcement on Tuesday, October 11, to the competing fresh-

Freshmen Show Interest
“The group of competing freshmen was enthusiastic and able.

Freshman

 

Seniors Hear

College Talk.

Mr. Sorenson and Mr. Wester-
dahl, two college representatives,
visited Rutgers Preparatory
School on October 17 and Octo-
ber 19, respectively. These repre-
sentatives were from Ripon Col-
lege, in Ripon, Wisconsin, and
Washington College, in Chester-
town, Maryland.

Mr. Sorenson, representative
from Ripon, visited the Prepara-
tory School and spoke about his
small co-educational college of
liberal arts and sciences, There
were six
interested in applying.

Pick Council

Observers
Delegates representing each
class’ in Student Council

were elected during class elec-
tions for the first time this year.

The delegates, who serve for

one month, are Ralph Rosen-
berg, freshman; William Young,
sophomore; Peter Wilson, junior;
and John McCormick, senior.
New representatives are elected
by each class at the end of every
month.
The main function of the dele-
gates is to witness the Council
Proceedings and report to their
classes, giving them the facts
and their opinions concerning
the meetings which they attend-
ed. All classes will meet approxi-
mately once a month to hear
the reports.

Although delegates cannot be
recognized during meetings and
have no vote, they can make
Suggestions through their class
officers and, in this way, can
introduce on behalf
of their classmates and them-

 

spoke to approximately four stu-
dents.

Meeting;

These groups will each meet
separately to devise their
own plans and activities for
fund raising. When the
groups have devised useful
ideas, these ideas will be
brought before the Board of
Trustees for approval.

For the Future

Washington College's" repre- | selves.
, Mr. visited
the Preparatory School, and

Dr. Heinlein Joins
In N.Y. Meeting

Dr. David M. Heinlein, head-
master, represented Rutgers Pre-
Paratory School at the annual
conference sponsored by the
American Council on Education
and the Educational Records
Bureau, in New York City, on
October 27-28,

This year the theme of the
conference concerned measure-
ment in modern education. The
purpose of these meetings was
to create a more uniform method
of preparing a student for col-
lege.

 

 

 

DR, WEINLEIN

 

Dr. David M. Heinlein,
| headmaster, stressed the fact
that most of this planning
was for the future. Not only
| present students, but the stu-
dents of the futurre will ben-

"| efit from the intensive plan-

ning.

| Dr, Heinlein explained that the
conference tried to accomplish
|its task by getting colleges and
secondary schools to cooperate
in educational processes, thus
facilitating for the student both
| academic and personal aspects
| of adjustment to college life.
 

 

sTarr
Mark Levine
Kramer
Dolores Resta and Phillip Shapiro
Sports Editor: Paul Gottlieb
Freshman Editors: Michael Jacobs and Ralph Rosenberg

 

 
 

 

Correspondence Editi
Staff: Minda Hamelsky, Kamel, Freedman, Goldberg, Levy,
Patt, Ossad, Silverman, Bray, Deutsch, Drew; Reitma
Ulan, Adler, L. Busch, Dyke, Goldsmith, J. Gunkle; Kellogg;
Krafchik, I. Rabinowitz,

Paculty Advisor: Michael L. Lasser

Attainments Deserve
More Recognition

We of the Prep student body have noticed one
aspect of what might be called the normal high school
atmosphere which is lacking in our school. This is glory,
the glory of a star basketball player, the glory or high
position in a school organization or activity. In other
schools the captain of a team is a hero; the editor of
any school publication is a recognized person. At Prep
there is extremely little of this recognition.

 

  

 

 

 

Recognition .. .

In our opinion recognition based on an achievement
which has required much hard work is a deserved honor.
Our teams put in two or three hours every day after
school in an attempt to improve our athletic records.
The cheerleaders sit out with the rest of the players,
giving them whatever encouragement they can. The
leaders of club activities spend much time planning
meetings, trips, and lectures for their groups. Commit-
tees plan hayrides, dances, and other social events for
the student body.

... ls Important...

Those working on publications spend hours plan-
ning, writing, and worrying ‘over ‘their publications,
and for what? Never is there an honest feeling among
the student body that some of their fellow students
hhave accomplished something noteworthy. Surely after
a hard-fought soccer game in which we win’or come
close to a victory, a loud cheer goes up, but seldom, a
day later, does some one compliment a player on how
well he played the day before.

. . « For Morale

We are not advocating excessive praise for extra-
curricular achievement, for that would only cause the
student body to become glory seekers. There must be
moderation in this recognition, but it should be evident.

i ae ace

Urge More Interest
In Club Activities

Many students in our school join several clubs and
have a very good time during activities period; how-
ever, this enjoyment is sometimes lessened because of
certain members of the student body who join clubs, and
then do little or nothing.

Clubs...

These students are often given responsibilities that
must be carried out. All too frequently, these obligations
are not met, to the consternation of other club members
who must do more than their share.

Some students have amassed quite a “colléction” of
clubs, for which they have done nothing. The lists are
impressive, but meaningless.

... Require...

Many who fail to meet obligations flee to the clubs
to escape the rigors and tensions of study halls. We
wish that such “escapees” would speak up and stop
spoiling activities period for others. Many clubs with
fewer, but more willing, members could accomplish more,
and these clubs should be allowed to do so.

. » « Initiative

People who cannot meet responsibilities and who
know of it, are to be more respected than those who will
not do their share. There is nothing wrong in honesty,
but the irresponsible student is not appreciated.

The Argo

‘Experienced Frenchman’
Relates Year’s Adventures

(The Editor has asked David Weiss to recount some of his
experiences in France.)

Last year I spent in Paris among the Parisians, a warm and
friendly people. Paris is a city of art and beauty, and this is reflected
in its many small, winding streets, particularly in the Latin Quarter.

These small streets are populated by artists because of the fasci-
nating coloring effect the sunlight has on the buildings at various
times during the day,

In the spring and summer I walked through the Parisian parks
and gardens. In Jardin du Luembourg, a beautiful garden in the
Latin Quarter, I could see children watching puppet-shows and sailing
their boats around the artificial lake.

The Jardin du Tuileries is a more formal garden containing
statues imitated from classical antiquity. In all French gardens the
people walk on gravel because they consider the grass a flower, a thing
of beauty.

Students Sunbathe

Students come to these parks to study and get some sun. An old
woman can usually be seen collecting five francs (one penny) for a
chair,

The French people are very warm and friendly, and their mode of
life is fascinating. For example, every morning all my classmates shook
hands with me. Although the people work long hours, they find
time to enjoy life.

Eat At Cafes

 

 

thhe school was preparing the
a Faas att ana MUaents for the bacealaureat.
noon many of them sit and) The paccalaureat is an exami-
eat at sidewalk cafes, busily talk-| nation given De sictoae ie
oF arguing with friends or Just! world to determine whether one
atching the people walk by. They | continues schooling in the French
usually spend two hours for lunch, system,
but for the price of a café express Th i nol hada cafeteria, bul
one may sit all day at a sidewalk| | 105, “opus ate at a. sidewalk

café along a large boulevard.
French life caters to the student |©afe In the springtime, we had
classes on the Champs de Mars.

population. Cinemas, museums, hi
theatres, restaurants, and night eae arearuen almost under
clubs in the Latin Quarter are| ‘ne Eiffel Tower.

the school did not

priced for the student. Although
have an athletic program, I saw
Classes in’ French

many international soccer matches
I went to school at the Ecole|and volley-ball tournaments.

Active Bilingue near the Eiffel
Tower. There were people from
all over the world in the school,
although not many American at-

I enjoyed living and going to
school in Paris in a different
atmosphere than in America, in
a place where the people have

tended. All the classes were con-| ideas, thoughts, and a way of life
ducted in French, and the goal of| different from our own.

Letters To The Editore%

TO THE EDITOR,

In the spring, a man’s fancy turns to many thoughts. Amonz
other things, I am thinking about the class trip. In the past, the
trips have usually been the decision of a few, or even one person.

By the time a student becomes a senior in high school, he
has some idea as to what type of trip would be beneficial to the
entire class. Of course, there are always the few in every group
who feel that a trip to the nearest amusement park would be quite
educational, but, fortunately, they are in the minority.

A trip to New York has been the usual plan of events. This
includes dinner and a show. Of course, every year the same cry is
heard, “Let’s do something different.”

Why? Why should we change the traditional trip to New York?
A trip of this sort requires a minimum amount of planning, and
the trip is usually enjoyable, if it is planned correctly.

 

 

 

This brings me another point;
why is the ‘planning for the

Lower Classes
class trips usually put off un
Choose Officers tha last Poesia? cabinet

Recently’ airs. Margaret. Mf, on trips were planned earlier
Wilson's eighth grade elected|! ‘he year, they would be able
Paul Weiss as president, Ray-|t© meet with the approval of
mond Peachy as vice-president, | everyone.

and Vivian Czarda as secretary-
treasurer. Mrs, Hilda Barr Dix-| Committees should be formed

on’s seventh grade clsas chose|by class presidents, These com-
Carey Lelcau for president, Ma-| mittees would be able to present
ria Messina as vice-president,| several ide:
aS jasses =
and Katherine Molnar and Amy| °°" eric anaes
Levy as secretary and treasurer,|PYoval and, in this way, if
reapectively: nothing was accepted, that is, if
Mrs. Ann Taylor's seventh grade| the proper show or restaurant
class picked Timothy Riley, pres-| could not be decided upon, this
ident, Thomas Stuart, vice-pres-| committee would have sufficient

 

INQUIRING
REPORTER

Who would you ideally like
for President, and Why?

Peter Wilson: “Norman Thomas.
Because I believe in the so-
cialistic ideas, and I feel he is
the greatest man the century
has produced.”

Connie Hess: “Danny Kaye. Ide-
ally, he would promote laughter
throughout the world.”

Minda Hamelsky: “My boy
friend. We're getting married
and don't have a place to
live."

Jack McCormick: “Kennedy. I
think he can do the job. I
personally don't like Nixon.”

Bob Bonomo: “Kennedy. He has
more foresight and understand-
ing.”

Karen Schwartz: “Nixon. He is
more qualified for the job.”
Lee Kaufman: “Kennedy. It’s

time for a change.”

Dick Frantzreb: “Nixon. He has
experience.”

Roy Eskow: “Nixon. Better pre-
pared.”

Terry Dyke: “Nixon. I think he
has experience.”

Marilyn Silverman: “Kennedy, I
think he’s qualified.”

John Schmidt: “Nixon. Because
of his experience maturity,
he'll, stand up for the ideals
of this country.”

Kathy Goldsmith: “Kennedy. I
think he’s the best one fit to
lead our country.”

Sue Gunkle: “Kennedy. He's so
handsome

Larry Golinski: “Kennedy. I
think he’s better suited for
the job than Nixon is.”

Joan Ehrlich: “Kennedy. He’s
not as tricky as “Tricky-
Dickie.”

Valerie Zajac: “Nixon. Because
I think he's a more capable
man to lead our government.”

Larry Diener: “Kennedy. He has
the best qualities for leader-
ship and I think he'll deal
wisely concerning Cuba and
Latin America.

Roni Rabinowitz: “Kennedy. He
has the qualifications to lead
our country.”

 

 

 

“Of late, much has been
said and written about Cuba.
The Cuba of to-day is quite
different from the Cuba of

two years ago... Peace has
taken wings and left the is-
land in control of the monster
war... 5

“If the United States should
recognize the Cubans as bel-
ligerents, what would be the
consequence, We may not be
able to prophecy correctly but
there would, no doubt, be other
nations to follow our example.”

When was this seeming
commentary on current events
published? In the March, 1896,
edition of THE ARGO!

 

 

PROGRAM GUIDE

The following programs are all
on CBS:

Nov, 6: “The White House
Story” on The Twentieth Century.

Nov. 13: “Sub Killers” on The
Twentieth Century.

Nov. 16: Show of the Month

Nov. 20: “Traffic Jam Upstairs”
on The Twentieth Century.

 

ident; Adrian Beura, secretary:| jie tg

and Steven Patt, treasurer. 2 80, Propoee. new dens.
‘There are two new teachers

for extra-curricular activities

this year. Mrs. Thomas Heaton

is teaching music, and Mrs.| sooner the better. So wouldn't|

Swartzfield is Instructing the|jt be wise to start our planning|
fourth grade in dramatics, with! nows 7 think so.

the aid of eight Douglass Col- Z

lege undergraduates.

All this will have to be started)
by our class presidents, and the|

 

Stan Kamel

 

Nov. 21: “The City” on To-
morrow,

Nov. 27: “Over Here” on The
Twentieth Century,

Nov. 30-Dec 1:
Musketeers”.

Dec, 25: The New York Philhar-

monic conducted by Leonard
Bernstein.

“The Three
\ The Argo Page 3

Library Is Relevance, Quaintness in Old ARGO’s
Srtdats [or x

. “In January, 1847, forty-three years recreation on the Y.M.C.A. bowling alleys.

f Improving ago, the writer was a'a pipil of the Gram: A number of the boys also put in some of

f ° LSE mar School at New Brunswick. Rev. Wil- their spare time in sending the sphere

‘ eg rs The Rudolphs Memorial Library! jiam J, Thompson was then the Principal, spinning over the hard surface of the floor.

j Sy of Rutgers Preparatory School is} with a single assistant, besides a writing Bowling is certainly an entertaining and
~FeTe4: i’) son?

‘ making enormous progress since| and singing teacher. healthful exercise, and we are glad to see
\ the new Mbrarian, Mrs, Joan “The institutions at New Brunswick that so many of our number represent us
\ Neuwirth, has been working. She| Were yet in their infancy as compared to 0” the Y.M.C.A. alleys.

h Sci starts “work” on: the ‘Ele- their present standing and efficiency. Hert- b A student in 1892 felt this way, at the
Ml mentary ‘Bchool Library, zog Hall was not yet in existence, nor any beginning of the school year:

of the Seminary buildings. The Seminary “Vacation is over. It is time for work
“The Rudolphs family left a|/depended on the College for house room. to commence, mingled with sport and pleas-
sizable amount of money to their “The President’s house and Van Nest ure, but in all our efforts we must remem-
son. This money is the basis for| Hall were the only buildings the college ber the saying, ‘Work first and pleasure
the financial needs of our school| had outside of its own doors. A paling one afterward.’ It may be a joy to some, to
Ubrary. Also the parents of the enclosed the campus instead of the iron others a hardship, although I must not say
students have committed them- fence which a few years later took its place. a hardship, but a joy in a higher degree.”

 

 

   
  
 
 
  
  
    
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

The Grammar School was a plain brick “Never before, certainly not in our da‘
aeuGominented nae building, without any attempt at vaulted has there been such intense feeling oe
\ Neuwirth, This factor enables the|TO0f or peaked gables.” This is the earliest a Presidential election as now prevails
' school to enlarge its Ubrary. description of Rutgers Preparatory School throughout the country. We are told that
oh hum! which is found in The Argo. it is not unlike the excitement at the first
Large Library “Bowling, a popular sport now, was lection of Lincoln.
q “From my personal experience|@lso a favorite in 1892: “Certainly men have never seemed to
and training as a librarian,” con- “We notice that some of our faculty have more positive views and to be more
; tinued Mrs. Neuwirth, “I system-|indulge once in a while in a few hours’ absolutely incapable of tolerating the con-
‘ atized the library and tried to buy trary opinion of their broth-
- ks more valuable to the ers.”
coehegee students, Clubs Elect New Officers; A student wrote the above
in 1896, just before William
Art and Music 7 ? twithh McKinley was elected, and it
Class Elections |."ermt te wo now [Elam This Year’s Activities [pots iso" (etn Mise
i ay a record collection As its first duty of the year, the Conservation Club changed | Presidential election.
\ (Continued from page 1) | Consisting of the reading of Plays. its name to the Outing Club. The old members, under the guidance :
poems, as well as excerpts from
‘ In the first edition of The

novels and historical readings," {of Mx. August H. Daviet, then voted eight new students into the club.

Faculty
Forum

Argo, Student Council President “Art needs more emphasis in The club has engaged in skeet shooting, and it plans to go on
Paul Gottlieb emphasized ¢| Rutgers Prep and we are building | overnight trips, horseback riding, trips, canoe trips, and conserva-
‘ importance of selecting efficlent/a collection of literature on art,| tion trips.

 

 

  
  
   
   
     
  
 

officers since many of the of- ae prints, and art books on such Outing Club officers are Richard Sandor, president; John} (7. gaitor has invited faculty
' ficers would help determine the pear eee ne Lipman, vice president; and Betsy Stover, secretary-treasurer. ues Saie’ (CS seab ult} antennal oe
worth of the Council. i > i CLUBS SEE FILMS thelr own choice to the paper.
The seniors selected, in addi- ‘The French Club activities include watching a number of films| We welcome all contributions.)
tion to Weiss, Richard Schatz- Students Start to be shown by Mr. Alfred C. Gageini, club advisor; David Weiss, by

man, vice president, and Minda/ | ; president, has shown slides of|=——ccaying ancient and Greck David G. Lloyd
Hamelsky, secretary-treasurer.|Discussion Group} France. Philosophy, and plan to use as| T love to read jacket descrip-
Weiss and Schatzman represent This year's German Club has/tnejr foundation, Great Dialogs) tions of classical” music. They’re

Coun-| The Modern’ “Literature Club|pianned “a new! and interesting) or piato.
their class’ oniPos.chidert has been formed this year under| program consisting of films, de- Clubs Elect Ofticers
ee the auspices of Mr, Michael L.|bates, lectures, songs, and poetry.| Science Clu
‘ The juniors also elected Con-\rasser for those people who are|Martin Ossad, Jean Kramer, and| The Biology Club, under the
stance Hess for the job of vice|not in Gamma Sigma and still|Ricky Kolbay have been elected guidance of Mr. Daviet, once
president, and Jean Kramer for|wish a discussion club of their| president, vice-president, and|again had a good turnout of stu-
S 2 own. secretary, respectively. The club|dents desiring to join. Member-
secretasy ea mine Er oss abe is considering a French-German| ship was limited to sixteen.
and Hess are the class’ perma- Discuss Plays and Books

a literature in themselves.
When I buy a symphony, the
jacket tells me what key it’s
written in, who wrote it, and
the number. This is all the
factual information I get. After

aanaet Phillip Shapiro is president.| that, poetic fancy takes over.
nent delegates to the Student} The club is conducted as a Jack Owens was elected vice presi- <. 3
Council. seminar, with student chairman Discussions and Music dent, and Howard Ulan is secre-| The “song-like theme,” I learn,

open discussion, Each week its} Creative Writing, now in its|tary-treasurer. Under the guid-|is “darkly hinted at” by the
members read a different book,|second year, is a workshop rather|ance of these officers the club] strings in a passage of “unpar-
of the sophomore class are vice] play or poetry selection, and in|than an actual club. Ten mem-| wil] work on discection for the] ajieled sensuality.” With my
president, Carol Hutner, and/the following meeting they dis-|bers are present. majority of the first semester, Palbs “opesain, os eosin Take
secretary-treasurer, Howard Ulan.|cuss it. The reading material has} Mr. Michael L. Lasser, advisor,) The History Club under Mr. te it 7 jee mest
Resta will be her class’ sole|been Umited to American and|reads the prose or.poetry aloud| Frank V. Sperduto has one officer chair. As “unworldly choirs of
English authors of the late nin-|and the group comments and|this year, a secretary, Lee Kauf-|brass” effect an “uncanny trans-
representative on the Council. |+eonth and twentieth centuries. |eriticizes, Later in the year|man. History pertaining to the| formation of the gallant theme,”
The freshmen elected William| Among these writers are such|various authors may come to|bicentennial anniversity of the|teading to a “crescendo of fever-
Derby, vice president, and Jean|men as J. D. Salinger, John Dos speak to the group. ae ene be ei by the
y. Passos, Ernest Hemingway, E. E. club. fe members are now
Kiluft, secretary-treasurer. Frantz- ‘Canmniien ian Gseege Beira Mr, Lasser also conducts the reading. ‘the: Histery: of “Ralgers
reb represents the class on the} oy 5, Jazz and Folk Music Club, also in| cohege, by William Demarest.
| Student Council Shaw. its second year. The club plans to 2 y
| Contemporary Material study the music in chronological Chess Club Searches For
‘The club's emphasis on the late order, beginning with earliest Competition
ninteenth and twentieth centuries| P*> of folk music and working] payid Weiss is president of this} With a concerto in which the
enne y presents a good background be-|UP Into modern jazz. year’s Chess Club. Mark Levine,| Strings and the woodwinds “al-
cause the English Department} Mr. Sorrel R. Paskin alvises|secretary-treasurer, has sent out ternately tossed fragments of the
: courses do not stress contemporary |the Philosophy Club, which con-|letters to other schools in search| theme back and forth in a spirit
ins material. sists of 14 members. They are] of competition for members. of merry abandon.” It also spoke
of “sly, harmonic innuendoes by
the French horns.” I lay awake
45 minutes imaging what a sly
innuendo by a French horn
would sound like. It was hor-
rible.

The other two elected officers

ish intensity,” my hands begin
to perspire. I actually have to
put the album down, sometimes,
to catch my breath,

One lyric blurb I read dealt

 

 

Senator John F. Kennedy, the
Demeersile , reddental oxndl- STUDENT COUNCIL
date, won the school poll on
presidential preference over Vice-
President Richard M. Nixon,| The Student Council has started| appropriate | Student — Council|mittee’s recommendation, —_ the Coincidently, I’ve just recorded
the Republican choice, by a vote the year very actively and effi-|budget for this year. It has been|Council now has one delegate} 9 choral work myself. The atonal

ciently under the direction of its| approved. from each class. These delegates] first theme
of 77-60 or a percentage ratio) cient, Paul Gottlieb. The| The President instituted a new|are to report to thelr respective] of + darkly, ‘reminiscent

By Carol Hutner

of 56%—44%. usual commencing issues were|plan for club activities. He has|classes the happenings of the| i, teed priate ees Doel

Kennedy gained a majority in| discussed, asked all club presidents to sub-|Council. Their ideas can bela passage of ‘aba cause a

all classes except the Sophomore. The annual hayride was suc-|mjt activities reports to the|expressed only if they submit| ness an unworldly counterpoint
cessfully planned and administer-| Council, them in writing to their class| js provided b

The Freshmen favored Kennedy) «4 through the help of its chair- vs representatives, Because the dele- y my wife. Finally,

22-21, the Juniors 21-11, the tao eceayeenpea d as the composition hurtles to-

man, Richard Patt, secretary of
Seniors 17-10, while the Sopho-|the council. Dolores Resta and
mores chose Nixon 18-17. Connie Hess assisted.

The members of the Student|#tes are changed each month.| wards its crescendo, I toss frag-
Council discussed the fact that|™Ore students than before see the! ments of primitive rhythm back
the School is lacking an official|COURe! In action.

‘The faculty also favored Ken- Theatre Cards Obtained song, The president organized o| Yarry Diener has been ap-
nedy in a secret ballot taken at| Dolores Resta obtained the committee to conduct a contest) pointed chairman of the Dance

5 R.K.O. student theatre cards,|for the submission of a school
a faculty meeting, by a heavy|

jwhich were distributed in the) song.
8-3 vote, three teachers abstain-| study Hall.

and forth on the piano, with
two fingers.

As soon as I find ‘a couple of

 

 

Committee. The Student Council] shirt cardboards and some glue,
has set a date for the next dance] We're going to make a jacket.
Sue Wintersteiner. Class Delegates and the Dance Committee will|/It could even be better than
ing, the council treasurer, set up an| Following the evaluation com-| now proceed with the plans for it.| the record.

 
 

Page 4

The Argo

SOCCER TEAM WINS, 3-0

By RICHARD PATT

‘Locker Room I
Wild After
Team Win

Having defeated
Acadamy by a score of 3-0 for}
thelr first victory since a 3-0)
victory over Wardlaw in 1956, the
Prep squad snatched up Coach
Frank Sperduto and carried him
on their shoulders until he asked
to be let down. Then, amidst the
congratulations of well-wishers,
the victors proceeded to the Prep
gym and its warm showers. |

x five y

 

Gottlieb, Charles Lev

many narrowy missed hitting

   

The initial excitement of victory
was rekindled in the locker room
as both varsity and junior varsity |
players congratulated each: other}
on their fine performances that |
afternoon. Those in the gym of-
fice must admit that the be-
wildered expression on Coach|
Sperduto's face was worth a
hundred victories.

Unusual Handshake |

(possible by a tremendous team effort, and goals by
r and Richard Patt. re
Prep dominated the entire game, but could not manage | the final peri

Academy 3-0

  
  
  

| to score until the second half, In the first half many Maroon | ball betw
Montelair|Shots were stopped by the Montelal

goalie, and just as

the nets, Gottlieb broke the

ice when he scored our first point early in the third quar-|

 

Klingler and Gottlieb challenge Montclair opponent,

      
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

The Prep soccer team ended a losing streak extending ter from about 15 yards out.
ars when it defeated Montcla

‘at Buccleuch Park on October 26. The victory was made|his foot on a loose ball in front of the opposing goal.
Paul When his shot went past their goalie, the score was 2-0.

Later in the same quarter, Levy, the left inside, got

The score remained the same until midway through
1 at which time right wing Patt kicked the
veen the uprights, after receiving a good cross
from Laird Klingler.

       

‘OND SHUTOUT
{ performance of the year by Prep
goalie Dick Mulligan helped the

  
  

The second shutow

team towards its first victory.
Although Mulligan did not get
too many chances, since Prep

had almost constant control of
the ball, he did make a few fine
saves to preserve the shutout.
Coach Sperduto gives much of
the credit for the progress of our
team to Its six seniors; Gottlleb,
Mulligan, Jack McCormick, Roy
| Neimark, Mark Levine, and John
|Lipman. ‘These boys have worked
|hard at the game, and have led

e the team both on and off the
or = | fleld.
‘ Optimism About Future
| Mr. Sperduto is optimistic

 

In his first season as varsity)
coach, Mr, Sperduto has worked
diligently to field a capable team,
and he rejoiced in its success. Be-

antics, it was a strange sight) 4 Richard O'Connell, director
indeed to see Gottlleb, the team’s) .¢ athletics, disclosed that

captain, walk straight into the|pasketball is on the upswing at

shower, fully dressed, ° hake | Rutgers Preparatory School.”
the soapy hand of Coach) 47. O'Connell bases his opti-
Sperduto, mism on the many boys who are

Two weeks before October 12,/enthusiastic about basketball.
this same Rutgers Prep soccer|These boys practice almost daily
team had been greatly disappoint-|at the gym even though offical
ed at the failure of the Montclair) practice has not been started.
squad to arrive for the scheduled|They form games between them-
game. There was talk of victory/selves and use the weight lifting
by forfeit, but the Prep team/equipment to strengthen their
would rather discount the game|hand muscles and the spring in
than accept such a victory. Their) their legs.
sportsmanship was well-rewarded| Lack of height hampered the
with this long-awaited victory. ‘varsity last year but it will not

Girls’ Gym Instructor Outlines
An Ambitious Winter Program

Miss Patricia Walsh has organized girls physical education
classes for the first time this year.

She was graduated from Panzer College, East Orange, NJ.,
where she majored in Physical Education and Hygiene. She is
presently affiliated with Piscataway High School where she has
charge of the health program, girls gym clases, and cheerleading.

During the autumn months she organized the girls and taught S*
them to play field hockey and soccer. For the winter season, she | ;

will teach basketball to the girls and hopes that she will be able
to organize a team for interscholastic competition.

Girls’ Swimming
Miss Walsh’s plans also include a girls’ swimming team. The
swimming program, which originated last year, will continue. This
program will commence in a few weeks.
For those girls not interested in either basketball or swimming,
indoor volleyball will be offered during the winter months.
Her plans for the spring season are still indefinite. She is

Coach O’Connell Sees Winning Campaign;
and he zeoiced i ees rom Prep Five Prepares For Tough Schedule

trouble the squad this year. Tall
men and natural talent should
pave the way for a successful sea-
son.

Even though the varsity will
play many well-rated teams, Mr.
O'Connell stated, “I will be very
disappointed if we don’t win more
games than we lose.” Some of the
boys who will be pacing tae
varsity are Dave Weiss,
Gottlieb, Richard Patt, Larry
Diener, Jack McCormick, Richard
Sandor, William Young, and Leo
Motiuk. Mr. O'Connell expects the
team to improve greatly as the

season pr » and
he thinks the greatest improve-
ment will be after Christmas.
Returning Nucleus

Mr, O'Connell, with the help
of Mr. Arthur Robinson, assistant
coach, will be able to form a
nucleus for coming years from

BASKETBALL SCHEDULE 1960-61

Mon. Dec. 5 - St. Bernards - Away
Wed. Dec. 14 =" Hoffman High - Home
Sat. Dec. 17 - Piscataway High - Away
Wed. Dec. 28 - Alumni - Home
Wed. Jan. 4 = Stevens Acad. - Home

. + Blair Acad. - Away

Home
Home
Home
Away
Away
Away
Away
Sat. Feb. 11 ool = Away
‘Mon. Feb. 13 - Pennington School - Awa)
Fri. Feb. 17 = Pingry School - Home
Wed. Feb. 22 - Wardlaw School - Away
Fri. Feb. 24 = Hoffman High - Away
Feb. 25, Mar. 1, Mar. N. J. Inde-

 

Mon. Jan. 16 - Wardlaw School -
Fri, Jan. 20 - Morristown Prep. -

 

 

 

Fe 4,
pendent School State Tournament

|about the fact that since this
fs a very young club, many of
its members will be back for the
the returning eighth grade stu-|"C%* fe” Years. He is also en-
dents who made up last year's| couraged with the rapid progress
championship team and from|the underclassmen and the team
some new students who are po-|as a whole are making, He cited
tentially fine players. They in-| the two Pennington ties, 0-0 and
Gade Soo see Runues| 1-1, which preceeded this victory
Frantareb, Kenneth Krafchik,|®S %9 example of this develop-
Mark Turtletaub, Howard Busch, | ment.

Peter Konowicz, and John Dona-| When asked to coment on the
nites victory, the Coach replied, “The

The Junior Varsity will be just| way the boys are working and

as important to watch as the

Varsity this year. Mr. O'Conneil| “th the fine spirit that they
says, “The Junlor Varsity should| have, maybe we won't have to
be the best one in five years.” wait so long for the next one."

Junior Varsity Booters Show
Promise Despite Lack of Wins

‘The junior varsity soccer team has a set, well-planned schedule
this year for the first time. The schedule calls for six games, three of
which have already been played with Jamesburg, East Brunswick, and
Wardlaw.

All three were defeats for the prepsters. The scores were James-
burg 2—Prep 0, East Brunswick 3—Prep 1, and Wardlaw 3—Prep 2.

Varady Scores

In the first game, the team did not fare well and was not able to
score against Jamesburg. In the East Brunswick contest, the team
played better than before. Dan Varady scored an unusual goal when he
a a ball which rebounded off an East Brunswick player into the
goal.

In the Wardlaw encounter, the Pre;

Jim Gunkle scored both Prep goals wi hae elds oh oa Wt
Levy. The Wardlaw team did not score the winning point until the
final seconds of the game. The junior varsity will again come to grips.

 

with both East Brunswick and Wardlaw.

 

considering softball, golf, and

raat riding in addition to Hamelsky and
ee Urge Students

Miss Walsh stated that the
probability of these sports being
included depends on the avail-| “The Job of the cheerleaders is
ability of insurance and playing|to promote school spirit, and to
areas and facilities, Tennis is the| cheer the team to victory. We do

only sport that is definite for the/ need the entire student body to

spring since the Preparatory) pany ss
us up, so we urge you all
School has access to the courts in| z

 

   
  
 

   

 

Buccleuch Park. come see the games,” says

Minda Hamelsky, cheerleading co-
Aside from her work in the) captain,

regular gym classes, Miss Walsh |

has taken the responsibility of Miss Walsh to Advise

supervising the cheerleaders. In| Miss Patricia Walsh, the new|

the past, the cheerleading squad] gym instructor, will also be the

has fad an advisor, Mis. Margaret squad's new advisor, The girls who

{s teaching the members of the|! Past years have practiced and

squad the fundamentals of cheer- |Coordinated their own cheers feel|
|that with

Jeading.

cheers will be better.

This year the cheerleaders get
new basketball uniforms. Dr.
David M. Heinlein, headmaster,
has given them $30.00 from the
athletic fund to help them buy
these uniforms, Any extra money

 

the girls will supply themselves,

Eight Girls Cheer
Rutgers Preparatory School
cheerleading squad consists of
elght girls. Two of these girls hold
ranks than the others,
These girls are Minda Hamelsky

higher

Hess Lead Cheerleaders;
To Attend More Games

Team Prepares Underclassmen
The team which prepares the
Players for the following year's
varsity team is made up of boys
in their freshmen, sophmore, and

regular squad members are Sue|JUMor years, The team practices

Gunkle, Sue Wintersteiner, Amy
Levowitz, Dolores Resta, Barbara
Schaffer and Toby Adler,

The girls want to be a squad
of which their school can be

 

proud, Helping achieve this goal
are their practices which usually
last an hour and are twice a week.

Now that the team has won a
game, the squad is confident
that more students will attend.
Moreover, with a successful bas-
ketball season predicted, the
cheerleaders hope to see a

this extra help their|and Connie Hess as co-captains,| crowded gym all winter.

and ‘scrimmages with the varsity
everyday and is coached by Bob
Tyrone, a former Prep athlete
presently teaching at .Highland
Park High School.

The boys are always no hand at
varsity games and most have seen
some action in them. Confident of
an even bigger turnout next year,
Mr. Sperduto and Mr. O'Connell
expect that in 1961 the members
of the Junior Varsity and others
will come out to compose an im-
proved varsity.

 
