 

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER, |[92I
Designing
Half Tone Plates
Zinc Etchings

 

Ben Day and
Process
Color Plates

The Chromatic Process Engraving

250 West 54th Street

 

 

Company

New York City

To Build

fine men and women, strong, cheerful
and healthy, from puny infants,
needs good care and, more important
still, Pure Milk.

No preparation can equal pure
cow’s milk for the bottle-fed baby.
Insist on the best; get ours for your
family use as well as for infants and
invalids.

Try our most efficient and depend-
able delivery system.

The Paulus Dairy, John Paulus, Prop.

Nos. 189-191-193 New Street
Phones: Bus, 1434 Res. 1685
aa a ~~

FRE AIRG.©

OCTOBER
1921

Vol. XXXII. No. |

THE RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 
 

Editor-in-Chief—J utius S. CuristENSEN

 

Associate Editor—Brrnarp VAN EERDEN
School News—Joun MANNING Trap Notes—Pavt Ive
Exchanges—WituiAM S. BaILey Art—Haroitp Bates

Business Manager—Mattsy D. Jevuirre

Assistant Business Manager—Henry W. Hopson

Subscription price, per year, $2.00 (in advance).
All communications should be addressed to the Editor-in-Chief, R.
3runswick, and must be accompanied with the name of the author.

P. S., New

All business communications to Business Manager.
Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on one side of the paper only.
Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most cordially invited to contribute.

Entered as Second Class matter in Post Office at New Brunswick, N. J.,
under the Act of Congress, March 3rd, 1879.
 

 

BETS ‘GO!

Back again to school! Back from all the fun and enjoyments of sum-
mer vacation to books and study. Once more we see the old familiar
faces, receive the old familiar hand grasp, and form friends and ac-
quaintances among the new. Of all the comradeship in the world there is
none greater than the comradeship of school.

Fellows, a new year is begun: A new year in the course of our lives;
a new year in the history of our school. What that year will be depends
on us. It will be what we make it. Every society, every organization
and every activity now existing in this school was founded for our bene-
fit. All are ours. We work for them and we derive the benefit. It is
for us, therefore, to take a real interest in them and support them with our
whole heart and soul. That is Rutgers Prep spirit:—a comradeship and
fellowship, working with one dominant thought in mind, the best interests
of the Rutgers Preparatory School.

The various student activities of Prep may be classified under three
principal headings, namely; scholarship, literary work, and_ athletics.
These with their numerous divisions and sub-divisions furnish ample outlet
for every talent in the school. Each individual among is here is en-
dowed with some special talent, something which he likes and something
in which he excels. If he cannot put some of this talent into our activities,
something is radically wrong with him. Now, fellows, let us begin the new
year right. Let every boy make up his mind at once to go out for some
student activity and excel in that. In this way we shall have a better year,
a better spirit, and a better school. LET’S GO! JeSaG

FOOTBALL

With the opening of the new school year comes our favorite old sport,
football. Our opening game, played as a preliminary to the Maryland-
Rutgers contest, began the season with a seven-six victory.

ey

 

——a
 

THE ARGO

 

To most of us, football seems just a sport, siuarrorieg to saat for en-
joyment or to engage in for fun. But it is ee ae : ootball is
just as much a course of instruction in Rutgers ee snieue or the
languages. A trained teacher, one who knows his business and knows
how to teach it, is in charge of the football squad. You fellows who play
on the team need not be told of the coaching of Mr. Midkiff. He puts all
his energy into the work, and it is up to you to pay the closest attention
when under his instruction. You are playing on the football team of the
Rutgers Preparatory School, not on a back lot team. Your playing repre-
sents the school, and every victory becomes its asset. You have made a
good beginning, but do not under any circumstances consider yourselves so
good that you need no practice. The other day there were only seventeen
men out for practice—Mr. Midkiff had to join in the scrimmage himself.
In order to have a good team there must be a good scrimmage and in order
to have a good scrimmage there must be plenty of men on the field.

A team without a backing is like an army without morale. The mechan-
ism is there, but it lacks the energy and force to make it go. It is the duty
of the school individually and as a whole to supply that force, to put the
old Prep spirit behind our team. Let those who are not on the gridiron,
get behind the team and cheer. If this is done we need have no fear for
the football prospects of nineteen-twenty-one. The start has been good.
Let us, therefore, keep up the good work. We have the team; we have the
coach, and we have the school. Je SoG,

OUR NEW TEACHERS

The “Prep” School welcomes to its numbers this year, two new teach-
ers, Mr. Lewis C. Merritt and Mr. J. Allen Tallmadge.

Mr. Merritt was prepared for college at the Hotchkiss School. He
was graduated from Williams College, from which he has received the de-
grees of A.B, and A.M. Since his college days he has taught a year at
Staten Island Academy and three years at the Peekskill Military Academy.
He will take charge of the Mathematics epartment at Rutgers Prep.

Mr. Tallmadge was graduated frond Hamilton College in nineteen-
seventeen, and received the degree of Ph.B. He has taught English in the
Cortlandt, N. Y. High School and also in the Mercersburg Academy. In
addition to this work he has been a graduate student in Columbia Univer-
sity. He has the English department.

Both of these men were in the service during the World War, and
Prep is very fortunate in securing their services,
 

 

THE ARGO 5

The Board of Editors wish to apologize for the tardiness of this issue.
However, the gathering of material for the first issue is very hard and
hereafter we will try to have the paper out on time. We hope that the
first issue will please the school and in that case we will feel amply re-
warded for our work. As there was no June issue of the Arco published
last year, the account of the Commencement exercises and of the class of
nineteen-twenty-one is published in the last few pages of this issue. Partly
through lack of space and partly because of the hurried gathering of mater-
ial, the literary department in this month’s issue was omitted. ;

Great credit is due the retiring Editor, M. Birney Wright, for his
assistance in the make up of this issue. He sent the editor from his col-

lege home the plan and much of the material pertaining to the closing of
the year 1921.

FAREWELL

Before turning over the Arco to the new board, let us see what has
been accomplished by the editors of that year. We have worked hard and
faithfully on each paper trying to make it better than the preceeding one
and we hope our efforts have been appreciated by our fellow-students.
‘When we have asked for the support of the school in collecting material
we have always received more than we have asked, thus showing that the
interest in the paper was as strong as it was in other school activities. If
the student body of 1921-1922 give as good support to the Arco as the
fellows of last year did the paper cannot help but be a success.

Several new ideas were introduced this year which improved the paper
a great deal. The Table of Contents was suggested in the exchanges by
other papers and finally we adopted it. The Poet’s Corner was also a new
idea and a great many poets were discovered to be in this school. The
Literary Club was organized and the outcome was better stories and more
of them. More jokes were put in the paper which made it more interest-
ing. We always had plenty of material to fill twenty-four pages of read-
ing matters and thanks to the efforts of the business managers we had
“ads” from the best merchants in New Brunswick, and some from out of
town. We believe that we have set a standard which other boards will
have to work hard to live up to, and we hope that the future Arco will be
as good and even better than the last one.

In conclusion we wish to extend our best wishes to the new editors for
a successful year. We feel confident that with the old Prep spirit still in
school the Arco will be the best ever. B. W.

 

 

 

——~d
    

oo

The Rutgers Preparatory School started on its one hundred and fifty-
sixth year on Wednesday morning, September 21. Mr. Kelley gave a
short talk to the students, explaining to them the customs of the school.
Rittersbacher, the president of the Students’ Association, then spoke. He
explained the purpose of the association and called on several members of
the school to tell about the different activities. This was followed by a
speech on athletics by Mr. Midkiff, who told of our past records and
also of our prospects for the coming season. He issued a call for candi-
dates for the football team and about twenty reported the first day. Van
Eerden then spoke of the Arco and its work, being followed by Jelliffe,
who told us about the necessity of getting advertisements for the paper.
After the distribution of books and arranging of schedules the boys all
joined in singing “On the Banks” and “Dear Old Prep School.”

A meeting of the Students’ Association was held on Friday, Septem-
ber 30. Cheers were given for the team, and some of the fellows made
speeches. Mr, Midkiff and Captain Parker spoke of the game which was
to be played the following day.

Saturday afternoon the whole student body went to Neilson Field and
helped cheer our team to a 7-6 victory over the Boys’ High School of
a following which we were treated to the game between Maryland
an utgers.

On the following Monday the team was commended for its splendid
work. Different boys spoke about the game, and the team was given a
good round of cheers. Mr, Kelley then delivered a very enthusiastic talk
to the boys concerning an advertising campaign for THe Arco. There
were immediate results, A large number of boys, under the leadership of
Jelliffe, formed a flying squadron and began 16 scour the town. As we
80 to press the advertising thermometer in the assembly room registers
$245 out of a needed $600. Great interest is being shown in THE ARGO
this year, and the paper will surely be a success if : a bee u cnnkinued

A meeting of the Senior Class was held scene es Se

S was on’ October 6, It was ‘decided
THE ARGO 7

 

that the Senior Class should then adopt the standard ring. Each fellow
was measured and the order for the rings was immediately placed. Last
year the Senior Class did not receive their rings until a few weeks before
school closed.

A new plan has been originated by Mr. Kelly so that all those boys
who fail to get their studies may make up their work, A study hour for
these boys is held every afternoon at 4 o’clock. This plan will make the
boys more careful in their work and will bring up the school standing.

The school membership this year is a record breaker. Eighty-seven
boys are enrolled in Prep this year, 43 of whom are day students and 44
Trap students. The Elementary School numbers 138, making a total of
225. And still they come!

% DORNANTES

After supper Tuesday night, September 19, the boys at the Trap met
in Mr. Kelly’s parlor for the purpose of becoming acquainted. The old
boys were lined up on one side of the parlor and the new boys on the
other. Each fellow then announced his name and his home town. After
the fellows had been introduced to each other, Mr. Kelly gave a short
talk on the privileges and penalties of the Trap boys.

A number of the new fellows come from long distances to attend school
here, Albizu, who has been in this country only a short time, is a native
of San Domingo. ‘The two Southerners, Rylee, from Memphis, Tennes-
see, and Lowry, from Macon, Georgia, are rooming together. Grothe
and Thomson come for the West, the former from Idaho, the latter from
Ohio.

The Alpha, Gamma and Delta Houses are filled completely. Of the
old fellows back in the Alpha House are: “Dashing Frank,” “Bub” Grif-
feth and Spencer Cary. Mr. Uhrig is back in his old place, assisted by
Mr. Merritt, who is a good pianist and has already made himself welcome

 

in every house.
This year the Gamma House is in charge of Mr. North, who takes Mr.

Gerome’s place. ‘The old fellows back in this house are “Vic” Leviti,

“Bill” Lowrie, Harise and Douglas. ;
Mr. Gerome and Mr. Tallmadge are in charge of the Delta House.
Mr. Tallmadge comes to us from Mercersburg Academy, having taught

 

 

 
8 THE ARGO

there for the past few years. “Ted” Hoxlau, “Phil” Rittersbacher, Roy
Hiering, “Will” Shaw, Herzenburg, Carlos Olarte, Abernethy and O’Flyn

are back from last year.

THE NEW YEAR

The Preparatory School opened with a large enrollment in all depart-
ments—138 in the Elementary and 88 in the Preparatory. A class of 18
is preparing for graduation into college next June. :

The property is in excellent repair, all depreciation having been care-
fully attended to during the summer. The sole exception is the frame
building on College Avenue used for the Elementary School, on which we
do not want to spend much.

The project of building a new school house for this department is in
abeyance temporarily, waiting for prices to fall and money to be easier.
The need is still persistent, as the attendance shows no signs of dimin-
ishing.

The finances are in good condition, the audit showing a surplus at the
end of the fiscal year in July. The estimated income for the current
year indicates a condition equally good.

The urgent need is for a gymnasium. If additional field house space
can be combined with a gymnasium floor in a two-story structure at
Neilson Field, both college and Prep School can be helped in this serious
matter. The Prep School will be able to pay a rental which would
materially assist in financing the building.

The school in all respects is in better condition than it has been in a
deeade and deserves the interest and support of the college.

 

THE YACHT RACES

One of the most unique sporting events in the history of the Prep was
the racing of the toy yachts made by the pupils of the manual training
class during the last season. ‘These. races occurred on Johnson’s Pond,
and were supervised by Mr, John W. Cavileer, the instructor in manual
training, from whose designs the yachts were built by the boys. In all 16
boats were entered, so that heats had to be run off first.
ing event to see the little boats take th
pond. By means of an in

It was an excit-
e breez and go shooting across the

: genious steering device each boat was able to
hold its course true in spite of the force of the wind. The sails were

rigged, the hulls painted, and, in fact, everything done to make the boats
look and act like regular sailors, which they were. Mr. Cavileer presented

the winners with medals, as follows: First, Henry Hobson; second, Mon-
roe O’Flyn; third, Carter Nicholas.
THE. ARGO 9

 

THLE TICS

 

 
 

FOOTBALL PROSPECTS FOR THE SEASON OF 1921

Of the men who played for Rutgers Prep last fall, four regulars and
one substitute returned this year. They are Captain Parker, quarterback ;
Rowland, right half; Enders, fullback, and Rittersbacher, right tackle.

Manning, who won his letter as substitute half and quarterback, also re-

turned. There are two others who played parts of several games, but not

enough to receive a letter, namely, Leviti and Skinner, as well as some
| others who were out last year but did not get into any games. These are
Hindle, Strong, Gwynne, Ide and Olarte.
The great question, then at the start, is the development of a strong
line with few experienced men to work with. The back-field will be strong,
but lacking in substitutes.
Of the new men, McCusker seems to be able to fill the vacancy at left
tackle. He is strong, and a hard fighter. Skinner, who last year played
tackle and end, is trying for center, and is giving his best efforts to fill the
position. The guards will be filled by two of the following: Leviti, Shaw,
Olarte, Hindle, Hiering, of the old men, and Herman and Lowrie of the
new. To fill one end position, Captain Parker has been moved from quar-
terback, and the other is being contested for by Bliss, Ide, Steenland, Kie-
ler, and Paulus. Manning has taken quarterback, and bids fair to make a
very good one. Lowry and Prifold are trying for the vacant position at
left half, and the former is somewhat faster and heavier, so will get first
call.

The team this year will be composed of new men, who will have to
learn the system used here, as well as develop quickly. Our first game will
be played with only eight days practice, and will mean that several men
who may later develop into excellent players may be slighted for the sake

of quickly making a strong defense.

 

 

(SR cea fe per s a, : 2 ad
THE ARGO

 

 

10
es,
Date Football Schedule. Place Visitor R.P.
Oct. 1 Boys’ High of Brooklyn.......--.+++.++-5 Here 6 7
Oct. 8 Trenton High School .......2..++-+-.+000. There
Oct. 15 Somerville High School .............-.--. There
Oct. 22 Bordentown M, I. ........ eee ee ee eee e eee Here
Oct. 29 Montclair Academy .......---ceeeeee eens Here
Nov. 5 New Brunswick High School .............. Here
Nov..12:.:Prineeton Prep is sis 06.wie vit «witless cjeie wie hee Here
Nov.- 19 - Kingsley School... ¢o5s 35 eee There

RUTGERS PREP, 7; BOYS’ HIGH SCHOOL, 6

As a preliminary game to the Rutgers-Maryland game, Rutgers Prep
defeated the strong and heavy team representing Boys’ High School of
Brooklyn, by a score of 7-6. After the first few minutes, when the Rut-
gers players seemed to have stage fright and forget how to play, there
never was a question as to the final winner, as the defence of the Rutgers
players made any gain for Boys’ High out of the question.

Boys’ High did not play so well as had been expected. They have been
practicing ever since Labor Day, but plainly showed a lack of knowledge
of the finer points of the game, as well as their own signals. In the first
five minutes, they made two first downs, and only one other during the
whole game.

The feature of the game was the stonewall defence offered by the Rut-
gers line. Play after play was sent crashing into it by our heavier oppon-
ents, only to be held for a very short gain or be thrown for a loss. Cap-
tain Parker played a wonderful game at end, and his tackling was hard and
accurate.

Boys’ High scored after the timekeeper’s whistle had blown for the end
of the game, and the Rutgers players, through a lack of knowledge of the
rules, allowed a play under way to continue, The player scored easily, but
inissed the goal that would have given them an unearned tie,

Prep has every right to be proud of the team that played so well with

so little practice, and the Prospects for a successful season seem very good.

Rutgers Prep Line-up Boys’ H. S.
Bliss Left Ena Friedman, Capt.
McCusker Left Tackle Rubenstein
teh Left Guard Damsky
Hie ig oe 7 ue

: ight Guar Carthau
Rittersbacher : Right Tackle Frankel
per Captain Right End Klein
i ee Quarterback Quigley
Rowoad Left Halfback Bulnick
Dien Right Halfback Webecan

Fullback Taplitsky

 
THE ARGO 11

 

Touchdowns—Enders, Quigley.

Goal after touchdown---Rowland.

Substitutions: Ruigers Prep—Hindle for McCusker; McCusker for
Hindle; Shaw for Leviti; Prifold for Lowry; Lowry for Prifold.

Boys’ High School—Krebes for Carthau; Pearlstein for Bulnick ; Bul-
nick for Taplitsky.

Quarters—8 minutes.

Referee—Smith, Columbia.

Umpire—Wittpenn, Rutgers.

Head Linesman—Cook, Rutgers.

THE 1911 BALL TEAM RE-APPEARS

A great revival of school sport and school fellowship occurred when
the old champion 1911 baseball team re-appeared in the Prep uniforms
and crossed bats with the 1921 nine for six innings on Saturday, June 4.
A little longer around the belt line and a little shorter of wind than they
were ten years ago, the old vets were hardly a match for the youngsters of
today, but when it came to knowing inside ball—well, you never can forget
that. Jimmy Ziegler was on the mound and Pete Stinson behind the bat;
Artie Busch with his eight-foot reach covered first; Eddie Hoe, Roger
Parkin and Runt Menzies finished the infield, while June Ross, Leon
Erickson and Chip Rogers raced around the outfield. They stayed to
supper at the Trap, after first telephoning to their wives for permission.
Paul Prentiss, Ted Voorhees and Doc Carroll, attracted by the noise,
came up to the field to watch the game, and all hands voted to have
another reunion again soon.

The following students won their R. P. in baseball for the 1921 season:
Beekman, Bliss, Enders, Hill, Ide, Manning, Moore, Parker, R.; Osgood,
Rittersbacher, Washbourne and Yates.

 

 

 

,
seins Rai ad
 

 

   

Ding! Ding! Ding! . . . Ding! Silence. Orderly lines passing
swiftly. Groups of boys and girls lining up on playground and sidewalk.
Why? Elementary has opened. That is an emergency drill they are
having—they have one every day—and the longest time required to empty
the building is a minute and a quarter. This year we are going to break
our record of thirty seconds.

There is a splendid enrollment this year—137—many of whom have
been with us before and many who come to us as “new children” this
year. One would hardly know, however, that they are “new children,”
for they have caught the spirit of Elementary and are striving just as
hard as everyone else.

Mrs. Hallock has come from Montclair to start first grades on their
trip through school, and Miss Wilkins, from Lake Placid, to encourage
and speed them on when they reach third grade. Madame Le Nouy
comes to us after many years of experience in the schools of France.

We are so glad to have Miss Schwenger back, even though her arm
isn’t just as good as new yet. It was such fun to have Mrs. Watson,
who used to be Miss Hand, taking care of second grade, but we were
sorry Miss Schwenger had to be ill to bring her back.

The Children’s Home box has reappeared, to be filled fuller than
ever, we hope. Make this the best gift we have ever given, Elementary!
We have a new thermometer, taller than last year, but can’t we go over
this one, too?

Jeanne MacCormick and Clementine Eckrode have been to visit us, and
we see the boys who went to Prep very often.
will come often to visit us and tell us about their work this year.

Arts Club will start on Thursday, the 3rd of November, at quarter of
three. All Elementary pupils are invited to become members, of course.

We all feel that we have made a splendid beginning this fall, and

there is no reason why we cannot make this the best year Elementary has
ever had.

We hope all who can

 
 

Veo

 

THE ARGO 13
“DOC” COOK

Many a new student may have wondered why the phrase of “Doc”
Cook is so often used by the older students. It is only the sign that a
loyal friend and teacher to the boys cannot readily be forgotten.

Mr. William Benjamin Cook was a teacher at Prep during the year
1908. Three years later, in 1911, he again became a member of the fac-
ulty, as instructor of mathematics until last year. While at Rutgers Col-
lege, Columbia University and New Palz Normal School Mr. Cook was
a popular student, being active both in athletics and the student govern-
ment. 7

These activities seemed to have stayed with him during his eleven
years of good work in Prep. Since the year 1913 he has been treasurer of
the Student Association. His advice was always listened to, even in the
smallest matters. He was a man with a great critical eye to observe the
mistakes as well as the good plays of the members on the athletic teams.
Personally he was as good a tennis player one would care to meet. A
man interested in a man’s affairs, a boy interested in boys’ affairs. He
had a host of friends in the college and town, as well as in our school.
But, above all, he was the man to whom one could talk confidentially and
get the soundest advice. This above all things made him so beloved a
friend of many. Leaving us to take up another line of work, he has be-

come a farmer at Hancock, Massachusetts, with good success at the end
of his first harvest. The school wishes him the best of success.

 

MR. DORN
Mr. Albert James Dorn came to us last year to teach both English and
German. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Dart-

mouth Graduate School. Having been both teacher and assistant principal
Mr. Dorn came to us with a wide experience, which was

in other schools,
He was a friend to all the students, a personal adviser

of great help to us.

 

 

=a
14. THE ARGO

to those who made closer relationship with him. He was with the boys

ic field or in student life.
i true and good deed on the athletic fie :
o ‘Mz, Dorn teins to go into the business world. To prepare himself
for this he is at present taking a course at the Yale Law School. We all

wish him success in his business career.

 

Tue Fettows WE Miss ;
The boys of the class of 1921 have entered the following schools and

colleges :
Richard H. Anderson...........++++00 Lawrenceville ‘School
William K. Applebaugh ............+66 Trinity College
John, H, Beekman, rin sea vsise. ca. Ss ves Rutgers
Jacob B. Chamberlain ...............05 Rutgers

Frederick W. Dunham, Jr. 60... 6.002 cen«
Robert (C. H; Heck, Jr's so: .... Rutgers :
Henry J. Hemingway ......... ...eCase School of Applied Science

    

Richard CoB ice ossintintatk sued esate . Rutgers
Loyal Tie Naess csigiues wwlie atte .. Princeton
Charles Hy Moore 3 .sidsicsis . Rutgers

Donald C. North .......
Charles F. Osgood .....

. Rutgers
. Rutgers

Charles B. Vaughan .... . Lafayette
John L. Washbourne .... » «Wesleyan
Jacob F. Weber ........ .. Lafayette
Morris Birney Wright - Cornell

J. Edward ates sce seeeliie: hk Columbia

Oruer Boys Wuo Have Lert
Charles C. Brandon .. Working in Rahway
Stuart W. Fischler ... -New Brunswick High School

  
   
   
   
 

Proctor “Hansl | ws agid ential Me oe In Arizona for his health
Harold D; Kittie so so ised scidooae Working in New York
Alfred E. Mosquera ... -Returned home to Brazfl
Milan V. Medigovich ................, Columbia School of Business
Burman Neefug: ssc i005 cities chemesae Culver Military Academy
Leon Reng .......... «Working in New Brunswick
Jerome H. Waldron ................, »Blair Academy

John Waldron 3.16 scsi ss acis adnicdeds ces Blair Academy

 

WEISS CRACKS
Mr. Tallmadge: What is a barbecue?

Weissman: A barbecue is a place where people go to get shaved.

 
 

THE ARGO 15

 

COMMENCEMENT

The 1921 Commencement celebrated the 155th year of the life of
Rutgers Prep. It was a fine occasion. Weather, addresses, attendance and
everything that goes to make a pleasant time were there.

Wednesday evening was balmy enough to suit the crowd that was
seated on the lawn to hear Class Day parts delivered from the steps of the
Beta House. As sunlight faded the streamers of electric lights began to
glow, so that Mr. and Mrs. Kelly’s reception was partly indoors and
partly outdoors. The impromptu dancing ended early, however, as the
great day was to follow.

At 10 o’clock every member of the school was in his seat for the last
meeting of the Students’ Association, the features of which were the R. P.
awards in Baseball and the presentation of a handsome set of books to Mr.
W. B. Cook, the popular math teacher who retires after 11 years at Prep.

At eleven the academic procession reached the College Chapel, the un-
der classes acting as escort to the Seniors, Faculty and Orator of the Day,
who was our esteemed friend and neighbor, Dr. Mather A. Abbott, Head-
master of Lawrenceville School.

The three highest honor men, Heck, Applebaugh and Manning were
assigned to speak, but Manning had to be excused on account of ivy poi-
soning. The exercises were of a high standard and very impressive. Mr.
Kelly awarded the diplomas to 16 graduates.

The final event was the Senior Dance in Ballantine Gymnasium which
was very largely attended by students, former students, parents and guests.
The Alpha House was made into a temporary hotel for the entertainment
of those from a distance. Everyone had a good time and all pronounced
the 1921 Commencement one of the school’s best.

 

CLASS DAY ORATION
Ricuarp H. ANDERSON
Ladies and Gentlemen, Classmates in 1921:

There is probably no element more important in the career of a prep
school class than that mysterious yet very definite thing we call class spirit.
The spirit of a class is the spirit of its good fellowship, the very soul of its
unity and the thing that moves its actions as a class.

In class spirit there are mingled many feelings such as friendship, good
nature, goodwill, mutual helpfulness, happy comradeship, and all those
things that add to the enjoyment of our school years. In the overflow of
youth, we find many ways to bring our energies to bear on our class spirit
in different activities, sometimes to such an extent as to make our teachers
wish we had a little less enthusiasm. But nevertheless class spirit is highly

 

 
6 THE ARGO

valuable from the educational point of view, for as it expresses itself in the
form of action by the class as a whole,,the various members find themselves
learning much about cooperation with others, the harmony of effort toward
a definite goal, the organization and transaction of business, and last but
not least, the practice of submitting to higher authority.

While our success in life will depend fundamentally on our power to
cooperate and recognize authority, we cannot win success by these alone.
We must always be sincere and have a steadfastness of purpose.

We must always be sincere in all we do and say. It seems to me that
the Class of 1921 has got that fine ideal. Sincerity means to avoid mock-
ery and evasion, to say nothing that we do not mean and to be free from
any other motives than those that we profess to be our true ones.

Lack of definite purpose, we are told, is an impassable block to success.
The man who has no goal is never going to reach one. In order to plan a
trip, it is necessary to know where you are going. Likewise, we cannot use
our efforts to the best advantage until we have determined upon the pur-
pose for which they are to be used. Knowing this, we have only to work
hard and try to attain this end and success will soon come to us.

But in these exercises tonight we are expressing the lighter vein of
class spirit—the phase of good-natured joking, of happy merrymaking.
These are the things that reflect our joyous comradeship.

And that, after all, is what makes our school days the happiest days of
our lives. it is the friendships and the years together that will live in our
memories and be a pleasure to look back upon in later years. The ties of
happy school days bind our hearts together forever. No new friends or
new associations can ever supplant them.

Tonight is the last opportunity that we shall have to play together as
school-mates. Soon we shall be citizens; but for this one evening we revel
in the overflow of our class spirit and we hope that you, good friends, will
enjoy our merrymaking.

 

HISTORY OF THE CLASS OF 1921
Friends and Classmates :

A class history generally calls to one’s mind the recollection of former
class days and a line of class histories which differ very little from year to
year. Asa rule they have a humorous beginning which deals with the trials
and tribulations of the Freshman Year, then they go on to state in a very
conceited manner that the class of so-and-so is by far the largest, the most
talented and the most loyal that the school has ever or will ar ile
At the end they lead the audience to think that perhaps the class of so-and-
SO 1s not quite as great as it candidly admits itself to be.

 

 
THE ARGO te

ari ies hand we, of the class of 1921, have decided that we should
merely submit the achievements of the school and to allow you to form
your own opinion as to our merits.

The period that we have spent in Prep has been a momentous one in
the history of our country. When in the fall of 1917 our class, with twenty-
one members, six of whom are with us to-night, became a part of Prep
School, the country was in the midst of the greatest war of history. Al-
though we were then too young to participate actively as did several of the
older fellows and many members of the faculty, we did our “bit” in a
small way. We trained faithfully in the military training course that was
revived for the war years and several of our members became officers in the
cadet corps. We also did our share in the various war drives conducted in
the school, such as the Red Cross, the Salvation Army, the French Relief,
and the Near and Far East Relief. Our class aided in the purchase of a
Liberty bond, the interest of which is used for the Liberty Loan Prize,
awarded to the best all-round fellow in school each year.

The past four years have been eventful in the history of Prep jtself
as well as in the larger sphere of the nation. Under our observation and
guidance the self-governing body of the school, the Students’ Association,
has developed from a weak and inefficient body which met seldom and
had little or no influence to one which, for the past year, has assembled
once each week or oftener to discuss and act upon matters of school im-
portance. The Trap Association, a similar organization, devoted to the
affairs at the Trap, has enjoyed a like improvement.

In the word of sport Prep has of late been very successful, thanks to
Coach Midkiff and to the noted athletes of the class of ’21. In respect
to scholarship it is significant that five members of our class have general
averages that would have won the valedictory in ordinary years. How-
ever this high standing was possible because of the excellent help which
we have received from the members of the faculty, of which “Doc” Cook,
Coach “Middy” and “Mike” Gerome stand out particularly because of the
length of time that they have been with us.

But the history of the Class of 1921 does not close with this com-
mencement. On the contrary, it has just begun. In the future we shall
be bound together by the Alumni Association, and it is then by the marks
that we make for ourselves individually that we shall be rated as a class.

Jass of 1888 of Prep School because of the

Mr. Kelly often mentions the c
many prominent men which it contains and because of their constant loy-
alty to the school. It, therefore, behooves us that in the years to come we
should maintain the high standards which we have set for ourselves as

students and so be a credit to “Dear Old Prep School.”
Loyat T. Ives.

 

 

 
18 THE ARGO

CLASS PROPHECY
M. Birney WRIGHT

When I was informed that it was my duty to write the class prophecy
I did not know whether to leave school or not. Some people do not realize
the grave responsibility that rests on the shoulders of one who attempts
to prophesy on the lives of such boys as are to be found in the graduating
class of 1921. It was a serious undertaking and I doubted my ability to
deal justly with each and every individual. For several weeks I pondered
on the situation until I finally hit on what seemed to me as a clever solution
to the problem. A friend of mine who lived in New York had often
spoken of a certain Madame Fountene, who could predict the future with
amazing exactness. So I tore myself from school one day and went to
the city. I went directly to the address my friend had given me and was
ushered into a room such as one sees in a movie when the scenes are in
China or some other part of the Orient. Madame Fountene motioned me
to a huge chair and, drawing another one near, she inquired of my errand.
I told her my troubles and asked if she would tell me what the future years
held in store for my classmates. She sat staring at the floor for perhaps
ten minutes and I was beginning to feel very uneasy when she finally
spoke:

“Of those who will remain in New Brunswick,” she said, “are Bobby
Heck and Loyal Ives. Bobby, after graduating from Rutgers, will accept
a position with Johnson & Johnson and will soon become chief engineer.
He will also publish several books; one which will bring him fame will
be a volume entitled ‘Why Washers Have Holes.’ Loyal will graduate
from Princeton and after his return to New Brunswick will build a first
class restaurant where Louie’s now stands. His specialty will be ‘Three
Minute Lunches’ served to Prep students during recess. Besides running
this big business he will become one of the trustees of his alma mater.

“Anderson and Manning will go through Princeton together, but after
graduating they will part. Dick will go out West to help with the con-
struction of a new railroad, and after the job is finished he will marry a
movie star and settle in San Francisco. Jack will join his brother in the
furniture business in Orange. In his spare time he will play basketball
with a professional team from Newark.

2 Seat ee will S ai in the sunny South. Moore will
Secives as he used to oan z ‘ Me oe ae a . en
be his old roommate, Johnnie Rese " oo fe ee

yeero ate, an. Johnnie will teach math., baseball
and swimming.

 
 

THE ARGO 19

“In 1935 Nutley will have a new mayor in the form of Dick Hill.
After leaving school Dick will study politics and because of his oratorical
powers, which he developed in Prep, he will be nominated for Mayor and
carry the city with a sweeping victory. Among his most celebrated
speeches will be found one on “The Rights of Taxicab Drivers.’

“It is well understood that Washbourne will become a minister. He
will fill the pulpit of a Brooklyn church with grace and ease and for many
years the people will be thrilled by his sermons, all of which will contain
big words that no one will understand. But Jack’s success will be marred
when he lets his one bad habit get the best of him: that is, his fondness for
other men’s wives. In his later years he will be seen preaching in a small
church near Ridgefield Park.

“The inseparable Weber and Vaughan will stick together all through
life. After refusing to run Paterson, they will wander out to the wilds
of Michigan, where they will help Billy Enders run his collar factory.
But Michigan is a slow state, so to make life interesting they will take up
bootlegging as a side issue. Whether they will get caught or not remains
to be seen.

“Charlie Osgood, pride of Ridgewood, will leave that large city soon
after his return from college. His destination will be Spain, but after
arriving in Paris he will be unable to tear himself away. Charlie, though
no one is supposed to know it, will be in the Secret Service and will do
some brilliant work while in the capital of France. He will also have a
good time.

“Bill Applebaugh, while on his way to Europe, where he expected to
study something or other, will be shipwrecked. He will drift on a log for
a few days and finally land on a strange island. He will become a good
friend of the dark ruler of the island and will be requested to marry his
daughter. After several years Bill will return to America and be saluted
as the discoveror of a new island.

“Pat Dunham will stay in Rahway. He will take a job in the city
and after much hard work will become head of the street department. He
will be well fitted to execute this high office, because in his early years he
will wear a white suit and push a broom.

“Chamberlain, after graduating from college, will return to Chicago
and will work in a department store. After several years of hard work he
will become manager and if he lives long enough he will own the store.

“Hemingway will be a chemist in one of the commercial fertilizer plants
in Chili, He will spend most of the company’s time trying to discover
new elements, in which he will be unsuccessful.” :

When she had finished I paid her and left the house. The future years

will prove how near these predictions are to being true.

 

 
20 THE AKGO

“RASPBERRIES”
CuarLes Moore
Members of the Faculty, Classmates and Friends :

It is my privilege this evening to bid you welcome to the class day
exercises of the Class of 1921. As has been the custom in the past to
preserit to each member of the graduating class an appropriate token of
his particular traits or characteristics noticeable to us all during his time
at Prep, so it rests upon me to (rasp) each fellow of my class.

No more favorable beginning can be made, it seems to me, than to refer
to our esteemed president, Charles B. Vaughan, better known to us as
Rusty. Of late we have all noticed that Rusty’s complexion is failing, so
I have here a little bottle of beef, iron and wire, which I hope will put his
complexion in Al shape.

Next is my darling baby face roommate, John H. Beekman.
lived with John two years, I happen to know more about his love affairs
than do most of the fellows. John, I’m giving you two little dogs: Fuzzie,
a cute little dog, and also a darling bull pup. So choose, John, choose.

Picking up this one, it happens to bear the name of William K. Apple-
baugh, a lovable chap that has many peculiar ways. He has started to
reform the word with his arguments, but they do not mean anything, so
make use of this book on how to argue.

Jacob F. Weber comes next, but if you asked for J. F. Weber around
here they would probably say that no such person lives here; but just ask
for the Heine Square Head and it will lead you to the said J. F. Weber.
Heine goes home quite regularly, and when he returns it means a story
of his new love. Please use this and maybe your love will last for more
than one visit.

We have next another Alpha House lounge lizard, Henry Hemingway,
the boy who grew up over night. My advice to little Henry is, let nature
take its course and don’t try to be a man before it’s time. Just a little
book on physical development.

Charles Osgood stares me in the face, and the little Ridgewood cut-
up’s chief pastime is bullying the kids. Be careful, Ozzy, or Swan may
cause your Waterloo.

Oh, John L. Washbourne is next, the only decent example of “Peck’s
Bad Boy.” Washy’s favorite pastime is catching a tow on the first wagon
he sees. A wagon.

Jacob Chamberlain blooms into sight. Having though Jay’s case over,
we have decided to give him a bottle of nerve tonic so that he may be in
$6.00. A little taxi to remind him of his six.

Now coming to our valedictorian, Robert Heck, “Slats” seems to be
O. K., but after this announcement of his brilliant success in his studies

Having

 
LE AR GO
$$$
he took a sort of lofty attitude.
remind him he is still one of us.

21

 

Just a little book about common people to

John Manning, our little hero Jack is a good kid, b
4 : , but alw
alibi. A little bush, ; ane eb

Jack, to look at, and maybe you won’t want to beat
around it so much.

Loyal Ives, the he-vamp of the class. Loyal, old timer, a little book
on how to make love might help you a lot when it comes to vamping the
women.

Richard Anderson, better known as Jap. Dick surely has a nice car,
but if he ever gave anyone a ride the wheels would drop off. Here’s a
little car, Dick, so take it to bed.

M. Birney Wright, the snake from Parlin. Birney has winning ways
with the girls, but as for trying to keep them from some of the other
vamps of the 1921 class, this seems impossible. Just a little book on sys-
tem and how to use it.

Richard C. Hill, our lively baseball manager. Dick’s favorite pastime
is laying to find soft spots on the baseball field so he can sleep during

practice. Just a bed, Dick, to make life more lively while managing our
team.

 

 

PREP SCHOOL DIRECTORY

TEACHERS

Wuu1am Powers Ketiy, A.M. (Dartmouth)

Headmaster
Morris Ezra Midkiff, B.S. (Colgate)

Science, Athletics
Michael Gerome, A.B. (Wesleyan)
Spanish, French
Henry Stephen North, Ph.B.
(Syracuse University) Latin
Frank Vettel Uhrig, A.B. (Clark)
History

John Allen Tallmadge, Ph.B. (Hamilton)
English

Lewis Cuddeback Merritt, AB. A.M.
Williams) Mathematics
Trirp Form—Class of 1925

Abernethy, DeWitt, Jersey City, N. J.
Anderson, Beverley, New Brunswick, N. J.
Baker, Adkins, Bound Brook, N. J.
Board, Robert, New Brunswick, N. J.

 
THE ARGO

22 en ce ee
k, N. J-

Douglass, William, New Brunswic

Grothe, Bertram, Boise, Idaho.
Hansl, Arthur, Plainfield, N. Je
Herman, Ralph, Newburgh, N. »&
Herzenberg, Jerome, Franklin, N. IB
Lowrie, David, New York, N. Y.
McKee, George, Harrisburg, Pa.

Moritz, Palmer, Bound Brook, N. J.
Mundy, Stanley, Metuchen, N. J.
Nicholas, Carter, New Brunswick, N.- Jz
Newell, Bryce, metuchen, N. J-
Pearse, George, Metuchen, N. J.
Seally, Thomas, Chrome, N.
Skinner, Frank, West Norwood, N. J
Snyder, Howard, Bound Brook, N. J.
Stryker, Lewis, Middlebush, N. Je
Thompson, Harold, Elizabeth, N. J.
Van Doren, Marschall, Stelton, N. J.
Weisman, Paul, New Brunswick, N. J.
Williams, Fay, Perth Amboy, N. J

Wilson, Henry, Newburgh, N. Y-
Fourtn FormM—Class of 1924

Atkinson, William, New Brunswick, N. J.
Burr, Clement, Metuchen, N.J

Cowie, Tra, Rahway, N. J.

Donald, Metuchen, N. J.

&dgar,
unswick, N. J.

Gwynne, Henry, New Br
Hobson, Henry, New Brunswick, N. J.

Jackson, Dan, New York, N. Y.
Jelliffe, Maltby, North Branch Sta., N. J.
Kuhlthau, Conrad, Milltown, Nid:
Mallett, Harry, New Brunswick, N. J.
Meinzer, Rowland, Perth Amboy, N. Js
Mitchell, Leonard, Elizabeth, N. J.
Paulus, Chester, New Brunswick, N. J.

Paulus, John, Jr.
Pearse, Fred, Metuchen, N. J.

Provost, Eric, New York, N. Y.
Ross, Jonathan, New Brunswick, N. J.

Steenland, Marinus, Palisades Park, N. J.
Van Eerden, Bernard, New Brunswick

Firrn Form—Class of 1923

Bailey, William S., Irvington, N, J.

Bates, Harry, New York, N. Y.

Doremus, Arthur, Mountain Lakes, N. J.
Enders, Wilfred, Benton Harbor, N. Y.
Griffith, Edward, Port Richmond, N. y
Hiering, Roy, Newark, N. J.
Hindle, F. Lawton, Jr., New Brunswick, N. J.
