I

XV.—No.

VOL.

SE

1903

PT
%

x
4

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers College Preparatory School

New Brunswick, N. J.

 
| nt

I THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER’S,
376 George St.

 

Satisfaction. Low Prices.

TIMES PUBLISMING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

& FINE JOB PRINTING #&

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR -*SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid.

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

9 PEacE ST New Brunswick.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,
DRESS GG0D8 & SILKS | Carpets, Mattings and Rugs,

Linoleums and Oil Cloths.

 

NEW STOCK OF

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings.
SUITS AND JACKETS, Aoi isnt. ane Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtaing.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 2 SHURCH_STREET.

The « mly advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
THE ARGO. I]

T. C. HAGEMAN,
FINE CLOTHIER AND FURNISHER

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

 

STEWABT’S HABERDASHERY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,

CHURCH STREET,

NO. 29.

 

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W.R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

380 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

0. O STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver Socicty Pins
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.
FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR

A TEN CENT SHINE FOR FIVE CTS.
Polish, Shoe Laces and Fine Cigars.

ALL SHINES 5 CENTS.
Dominic Cupoli & Company,

405 GEORGE STREET.

EXONS & PARKER,
Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc.

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHESS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

ILS. VAN DERVEER
Photographer

Special Rates to Frats and Classes.
355 George St., New Brunswick.

 

L. VOLKERT,
Merchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J.

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

417 George St.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patromize the firms that advertise in The Argo.
 

THE ARGO.

Studio: George St., opp. Soldiers’ Monument
SPECIAL RATES TO STUDENTS.

We have special schoo] and college mounts and special backgrounds.
This is a spEcIAL invitation to you to call at Studio.

5B? U..42A FP ise Ne

JEWELER.

TT a cadences Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

 

 

 

 

 

Telephone 46, A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF..........
EVERYTHING THE BEST. Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s
P-H.SUY DAM: S [+ O FE S
ao om
GROCER,

 

FINE CONFECTIONERY and ICE CREAM a

at F. BRUNS WILLIAM J. SENG’,

71 CHURCH STREET

 

Graham & McCormick, Rutgers Prep. School
Caterers and Confectioners Shoe Stores.

FANCY CAKE BAKERS
FRATERNITY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY

109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.

The New York Confectionery. Repairing Neatly Done

P. A. CONSTANTINIDUS & CO.

 

101 CHURCH ST., NEAR GEORGE ST. Remember the two stor es,
New Brunswick, N. J. 48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.
When patronizing Ue stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.

 

 
 

tHE ARGO.

 

 

 

 

 

Vou. XV.

New Brunswick, N, J., SEpr., 1903.

No, 1

 

 

 

 

 

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL
Entered {n the Post Office as Second Class Matter
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

«ie

 

 

BOARD OF EDITORS:
THOMAS DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE,
Editor-in-Chief.

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana,

DUMONT F. ELMENDORF, | news,
CLARKSON STELLE, j News.

S. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature,

BENJAMIN B. MILLER,

SAMUEL O. WARNER. | Business Managers,

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R.C. P.8., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

GREETINGS.

The Summer is over, vacation passed, and
again we have taken up our studies in Rutgers
Preparatory School. To those, both of the
faculty and student body, who come to us for
the first time, Tux Arco extends a cordial
welcome. And to those who return gives hear-
ty greeting and hopes that each and every
member of the School shall enter into Rutgers
Prep’s life determined that, if posible, we shall
surpass, both in athletics and other depart-
ments of the school, the high standards which
have been set in years gone by. But let us re-
member, as Eleanor C. Donnelly expresses it

in the following poem, that this is a road of
only once, and whatever we do, let us do it
with all our might:
‘Tis a solemn thought to ponder
*Mid our daily joys and cares,
Whilst we work, or weep, or wonder
At our play, or at our prayers;
’Tis a saintly sage’s warning,
Ever old, yet ever new;
‘I am walking by a pathway
I'shall never more pursue.

I tread it once+ori¢e only ;

Tread it well or tread it ill;
Keep my selfish course; or lonely
Join the many of good-will.

But ne’er my steps retracting,
May I life’s mistake undo,
For I’m walking by a pathway

I shall never more pursue.

” If the good that there awaits me

Be neglected or ill-done;

If the evil there that tempts me
I have no idea to shun

Woe is me! Alas! forever
My graces shall I rue,

Heaven or Hell must end this pathway
I shall never more pursue.

THE ARGO.

And now a word about the Arco. The
paper belongs to the students and graduates
of Rutgers Preparatory School. The editors
are your servants and, as such, will do their
duty to the best of their ability. But while the
greater share of the responsibility rests with
them, nevertheless, each students and alumnus,
 

~ nape

=

2 THE ARGO.

even if he has not any desire to write for the
paper, should pay seventy-five cents to the
Business Managers and in that way fulfill his
duty to Tue Arco. Last June a statement was
made to one of the editors that next year, 1903-
1904, THe Arco would show great partiality
to the present Senior Class. But such will not
be the case. The paper will not cater to any
class or clique! And accordingly the editors
hope that they will receive, both from those
who have left us and from those who now con-
stitue the undergraduate body, most hearty co-
operation in a monetary and literary way.

THE ARVERTISERS.

The firms using our columns can be heartily
recommended and all Prep. School students
will confer a favor upon the management by
trading with these firms. When patronizing
our advertisers do not fail to mention Tut
ARrGo,

FOOTBALL.

Once again the football season has come
around and eleven students of Rutgers Pre-
paratory School will represent their Alma Ma-
ter on the “gridiron.” But some of us, either
from lack of time, parental objection, or simi-
lar sauses, cannot devote two long hours a day
to playing football. Although we may be pre-
vented fromtrying fortheteam,is it not the duty
of each one to turn out at the home games—
the out of town games too, if posible—and ta
cheer the men who devote their strength and
time to our school’s interest on the football
field? Never before has such enthusiasm been
manifested in football and although the team
is light, yet in Captain Fisher and his men we
hope to have one of the most successful teams
that has ever represented the school. Every
one should attend the games and

Whoop’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,

For we must win the game!

THE SONG.

Too much praise cannot be given Mr. A. J.
Kilmer for his spirit and energy in writing a
football song for the school. The pronounced
success which rewarded his efforts speaks vol-
umes for its worth.

ALUMNIANA.

(All authentic notes pertaining to the Alum-
mi will be gratefully received by the editor.)

Frank K. W. Drury, ’94, has accepted a
position in the library of the University of II-
linois. Mr. Drury was formerly assistant li-
brarian in the Sage Library.

Frank L. Janeway, ’96, is studying at Union
Seminary this winter.

Charles Wardell Jones, ’96, called at the
Trap lately. He will soon accept a position as
cashier of a bank at Seabright ,N. J:

Arthur L. Riggs, '96, is editor of The Man-
ila Freedom at Manila, Philippine Islands. An
article from his pen on affairs in Manila has
recently appeared in the Atlantic Monthly.
His address is P. O. box 82, Manila, P. I.

Nicholas N. Williamson, ’97, was one of the
contestants the past summer in the National
Amateur Golf Championship. At present Mr.
Williamson is in the insurance business.

A. Elliott Brown, ’98, has left for the Phil:
ippine Islands. Mr. Brown expects to enter
the United States Marine Corps as a second
lieutenant. He was a lieutenant when a mem-
ber of the R. P. S. cadets.

D. Raymond Edgar, ’99, will study ceramics
at Iowa University the coming winter.

Henry G. Atwater, ’oo was in town on Sep-
tember twenty-sixth.

James Gilbert Mason, ’o1, has entered the
Junior Class of Princeton University. His
address is 34 University Hall.

T. Raymond Bazely, ’03, is a Freshman at
Princeton University.

Joseph P. Mcibben, ’03, is a Freshman at
Purdee University.

Walter Moss, ex-’o3, is working in Me-
tuchen.

 

 
THE ARGO,

S. L. Rust, ’03, has a position in New York
City.

Verdi, ’03, is back again this year, taking a
P. G.

Miss Ruth A. Williamson, ’03, is going to
Germany this year,

Miss Sarah R. Scott, ’o3, will enter Vassar
this year.

Miss Edith B. McLaury will probably spend
the winter in New Brunswick .

M’ss, Helen M. Rust, ’03, is studying at
Miss Anable’s this year.

Miss Price, ’03, is studying with a tutor this
fall.

‘Lhe following 1903 men have enteral Rut.
gers: Armstrong, Heath, Bergen, Stout «ud
Vauck.

McChesney, ’03, is a Freshman at Yale.

Rev. Willard Conger, ’92, a former instruc-
tor in R. P. S., was in town on October third.

Mr. Roy C. Burr, an instructor in our school
for the last three years, is at present with the
New York and New Jersey Telephone Co.,
New York City.

Mr. H. H. Wright, instructor in Mathemat-
ics in our school since 1900, has accepted a po-
sition in the DeWitt Clinton High School,
New York City. Mr. Wright was married on
August fifth to Miss Macallister, of Waltors,
N. Y.

WEARING THE R. P.

The following have won the right to wear
the R. P.

Verdi, ’03, (T.

Lang, ’04, (B.)

Watson, '04, (F.)

Woodbridge, ’04('1.)

C. Corbin, ’05, (F.)

Case, ’06, (F.) and (B.)

Hancock, ’06, (B.)

Nicholas, ’06, (F.)

Fisher, ’o4, (F.), (B.) and (T.)

(F.)—Football.

(B.)—Baseball.

(T.)—Track.

Extract from the A. A. constitution:

No person will be allowed to wear the R. P.
unless—

(1) He has played three (3) full games,
or the equivalent thereof, on the football team,

(2) He has played four (4) games on the
baseball team, playing less than five innings
will not be considered a game.

(3) He has run on a winning relay team
or first place in a track meet.

SCHOOL CALENDAR.
1903.
Nov. 18, Wednesday, second quarter begins.
Nov. 26, Thursday, Thanksgiving Day.
Dec. 23, Wednesday, Christmas vacation be-
gins.
1904.
Jan. 6, Wednesday, Christmas vacation ends.
Feb. 3, Wednesday, Third quarter begins.
Feb. 22, onday, WaMshington’s Birthday.
March 30, Wednesday, Easter vacation be-
gins.
April 6, Wednesday, Fourth quarter begins.
May 30, Monday, Decoration Day.
June 15, Wednesday, Commencement.

On Friday morning, October second, the
school tried for the first time the football song.
The words of this piece were written by a
Prep. School man, Mr. Joyce Kilmer, ’o4. The
tune is the Battle Hymn of the Republic. It
was enthusiastically received and great credit
is due Mr. Kilmer for writting such an excel-
lent song. The words are:

Come all ye Rutgers Prep. School men and
sing our football song

And swell the mighty chorus that will help the
team along;

Our hearts are true to Rutgers Prep, our voi-
ces they are strong

And we must win the game.

Cuorus.
Whoop’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,
Whoop’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,

a —
 

4 THE ARGO.

Whoop’er up for Rutgers Prep. School,
For we must win the game.

The Prep School fellows take the ball and
rush it down the field,

The line before breaks and runs, they know
that they must yield,

And soon we'll score a touchdown and to all
twill be revealed

That we must win the game.

Corus.

Now let us join together in the good old Prep.
School cheer ’

And give it with a hearty will and shout it loud
and clear.

Let those fellows in the field be aware that
we are here,

For we must win the game.

Cuorus.

FOOTBALL PROSPECTS.

That Rutgers Preparatory School will have
a very successful football team this season is
extremely probable. For anyone who saw the
team play on October third realizes that while
the team needs a great deal of “polishing” yet
the material for a strong team is at hand and
with the determination

That we must win the game
no doubt can remain that this year’s team will
come pretty close to the very high standard of
’97 and ’or.

Of the men who won their R. P. in football
last season we have five back, viz: Captain
Fisher, Case, C. Corbin, C. Nicholas and Wat-
son. We have also several good men who will
fill the vacant positions in a creditable manner.
This season’s team weighs about the same as
last year. The centre trio weighing 514
pounds, the ends and tackles 566 1-2, the back-
field 536 and the total amounting to 1,616 1-2
pounds. ‘The line is very good this year, the
centre being especially effective. In Fisher and
Nicholas the school has, without a doubt, a
very fine pair of backs and whenever cwalled
on can be depended upon to make a good gain.

With prpoper support from the student body
the football team of 1903 will stand in our ath-
letic history side by side with the famous
teams of 1897 and 1901.

- The following is a partial list of those out
for practice each day:

Fisher, (capt.), ’04, 17, 156, fullback,

Miller, ’04, 19, 120, halfback.

H. Lang, ’04, 16, 130, quarterback,

Hall, 'o4, 18, 140, tackle.

F. Corbin, ’04, 18, 125, tackle.

Watson, ’04, 17, 173, guard.

Hancock, ’06, 15, 120, end.

J. Voorhees, '06, 14, 149, centre.

‘T. Voorhees, ’06, 14, 120, end.

C. Nicholas, ’06, 17, 130, halfback.

C. Corbin, ’05, 16, 160, centre.

Allen, ’05, 18, 142 1-2, tackle.

Taverner, ’04, 20, 124, end.

Case, ‘06, 17, 180, guard.

S. ..icholas, ’06, 15, 130, tackle.

Garthwaite, ’06, 17, 146, tackle.

Verdi, ’03, 16, 154, end.

C. Thompson, ’06, 14, 135, centre.

H. Price, ’06, 16, 120, end.

PERTH AMBOY HIGH SCHOOL, o;
RUTGERS PREP., 12.

On Saturday afternoon, October third, the
Rutgers Preparatory School football team
played its first game this season and won very
easily, defeating Perth Amboy High School 12
too. In fact the score does not give any idea
of the strength which our team possesses. Both
teams showed lack of practice, frequent fum-
bles occurred and snap and ginger in starting
the plays was absent. When the teams ap-
peared for practice the Rutgers Prep. men
seemed the heavier and later proved themslvs
to b far superior in actual play. At first the
football song did not go well, but later in the
game went like a breeze. There was a good
crowd of fellows present but more should turn
out.

Prep. School defended the north goal and
at 3.30 P. M. Verdi kicked off to Perth Am-

 
boy and the ball was quickly downed. In three
plays Perth Amboy made first down but they
could not gain and soon it was Prep. School’s
chance to be on the offensive. Steadily the R.
Pp, S. men advanced the ball toward the goal
and soon Fisher plunged through guard for
our first touchdown. Verdi kicked the goal
and the score was six to nothing, the right way.

THE ARGO. 5
Right End
"TS VOBET 5.4. 6cavs cwa sien 0a asi eeeee Hornsbey
Quarterback
Lang .ccccccceccececccceseeces Brodhead
Right Halfback
C, Nicholas ....c2sscccccccccceces Boozze
Left Halfback
Miller .cccccccccscseccvcevcosesse Waight
Fullback
Fisher’ isdis seco avecorsad wr otvesia niaie's 608 Hanson

On the kick off R. P. S. advanced the ball
about five yards and by the backfield’s brilliant
runs the ball was taken to Perth Amboy’s five
yard line where time was called and another
touchdown prevented. Score: Rutgers Prep.,
6; Perth Amboy, 0.

The second half was started right by C.
Nicholas returning the kickoff fifteen yards,
Again Fisher, Nicholas and Miller started
their sensational ground gaining performance.
Probably the most sensational run of the game
was made by Nicholas after he had hurdeled
the line and although almost downed, never-
the less managed to advance the ball thirty-
five yards. Soon afterward Fisher broke
through Perth Amboy’s line and scored our
second and last touchdown. Verdi kicked the
goal and R. P. S. was leading by twelve points.
At the kickoff Prep. School made a good gain
and quickly rushed the ball to Perth Amboy’s
seven yard line where some one fumbled and
it was Perth Amboy’s ball. But they soon
fumbled and we regained the ball only to have
time called before we could cross the line a

third time. The line up:

Rutgers Prep. Perth Amboy.
Left End

Verdi acesero:o:0)0:uibss wan or5/5i5;0:0 000 seSieresere Macon
Left Tackle

Allen ciisicisoecine’s oisioiee:e pinssie oid oueiete McHose
Left Guard

CBSO Livieracipintors.clejeinie 06 b:v'eieisjsisis ai'9 si0r0 Olsen

Centre

GC. JCOPbink celadias ooo eiereie:eieieie wees Neilson
Right Guard

Watson <.c.055is ccs wstieewieernsicd' Crowell

Right Tackle
Garthwaits ...........- a iitanwree cise os Post

Summary—Touchdowns, Fisher, 2; goal
from touchdown, Verdi, 2. Time of halves,
ten and fifteen minutes. Referee, Reidel. Um-

pire, Shelly.

 

On September sixteenth, Rutgers Prepar-
atory School opened its doors for the one-
dundred and thirty-eigth time. Most of the
old scholars returned, except, of course, the
Seniors of last year, although there were even
a few of them present.

After the epening exercises, Dr. Payson
fired our zeal for study, by one of his brief,
but comprehensive speeches. Among other
things he emphasized the fact that although
horseless carriages and systems of wireless
telegraphy have been invented, we have yet to
see the day when a course of laborless study
will b formed.

The total enrollment this year in the Acade-
mic Department is one hundred, a slight de-
crease from that of last year. The Trap has
four new boarders, Hansen, Vrooman, Garth-
waite and Beall, and the total is about twenty.
In the Annex the total is fourty-four.

Although we were sorry to lose so many of
our old instructors, yet their places are ably
filled. Mr. Riedell, Mr. Burr’s successor, will
help us in football as well as in Latin. While
Mr. Mills will speak to us in Greek and Eng-
lish, he will also help us as coach of the scrub
football team. Mr. Scott, Rutgers Prep., ’99,
will be instructor in Mathmetics. Mr. Mills
and Mr. Scott won their Phi Beta Kappa keys
last June.

Mr. Reidell is 2 Cornell graduate and when
in that University took a special course in La-
6 THE ARGO.

tin and Greek and graduated with honor. Mr.
Mills graduated from Hamilton last June and
while there took high honors in Greek. Mr.
Scott received First Classical Honor at Rut-
gers last June. Miss Cary, who will teach
French this year, taught in this school six
years ago and since 1897 has travelled in Italy
and Switzerland and also studied at Cornell.
Miss Biles, a graduate of Elmira Female Col-
lege, will be instructress in German. Miss
Biles has a large experience as a teacher and
her fitness for the position she will hold is in-
creased by her travel in Southern Europe ana
her studies at Munich.

A sweet girl graduate from a Corry school
thus describes the manner in which a goat
butted a boy out of a front yard in the neigh-
borhood: “ He hurled the previous end of his
anatohy against the boy’s afterwards with an
eagerness and velocity which, backed by the
goat’s advoirdupois, imparted a momentum
that was not relaxed until the instignation of
the vehement exasperation was landed on
terra firma, beyond the pale of the goat’s jur-
isdiction — Ex.

THE HEROISM OF THOMAS LADE.

It frequently happens that a great crisis
draws out a great character. Such a crisis was
the town hall fire at Allston, and such the char-
acter of Thomas Lade.

Thomas Lade was a carpenter’s apprentice,
and was the butt of all his companions. In
addition to being very short, bow-legged, and
a little lame, he’ had many peculiarities of
mind and speech. Besides, he was very ner-
vous, and would sometimes start at a little
noise; so that he was also looked upon as a
coward.

On the night of the Fourth of July Thomas
Lade was to be seen in a great crowd that had
gathered in the town hall. The hall was the
largest building in Allston, yet it was full to
the doors, for some famous men were to speak
that night.

Thomas was sitting at the back of the hall,
near the door. While the program was go-
ing on he stepped out, for he had to be home
early on account of his aged: mother.

Just as he was leaving the building he
noticed a little flame. down at the other end of
it. As he looked he saw a dark figure gliding
away. Instantly he realize~ that incendiaries
have started the fire, hoping that the cause
will be laid to fireworks, and that in the con-
fusion of the burning of the building houses
may be looted. —: = i

Quickly Thomas acts. Hastening to the
fire, which has already gained a good start, he
tries to smother it with his coat, and for five
long minutes he battles alone with the hot
flame. T'inally he is victor—but not entirely.
For although, by his great exertion the fire
on the woodwork of the building is out, yet his
own clothes have caught the flame, and before
he can hinder, all are ablaze.

Meanwhile, the assembly within the building
is breaking up. The first ones out rush to the
spot, but have sense enough not to raise a cry.
Some run off a few rods to get water and
throw it on the burning man. But it is too
late. Thomas Lade is dying. He just lives
long enough to tell this story to the crowd who
have gathered around in the darkness, and
then, sinking back, dies in the midst of those
whom, by his heroism, he has saved.

THE HERMIT.

On one of the roads of Suffolk County, New
York, there lives a hermit, the description of
whom reminds one of the days of story books.

The man was a soldier in the Civil War.
When he came home from fighting his coun-
try’s battles he foun dthat his wife, thinking
him dead, had married another man. This
sorrow turned his mind. Ever since then he
has lived the life of a typical hermit.

His home is a small, two-story shanty, about
fifteen feet square. All. the doors of the first
floor have been carefully boarded up. Almost
the only opening is,a small window on the
THE ARGO.

second floor, from which there is a ladder
reaching to the ground. This is the only en-
trance to the place.

The man’s clothing is made entirely of sack-
ing. He has not shaved since the war. Alto-
gether he makes an interesting sight.” He very
seldom shows himself, and that one is favored
who sees him. The hermit draws a pension,
and whenever he goes to cash the check a
friend goes with him to identify him. He has
to make his “mark,” for he cannot or will not
write his name.

Not long ago a friend of mine pasesd the
place. Nothing was to be seen of the proprie-
tor, but smoke was curling out of the little
chimney and some apples were cut up and dry-
ing in the sun.

Although the hermit will answer “Good
morning,” if spoken to, he makes no effort to
be agreeable to his neighbors. He is away
from the busy world apart by himself. Let us
hope he is happy. L.R.N.

THE JUNIOR LAW ©
AND ORDER LEAGUE.

“T tell you, somethin’s gotter be done! This
here thing can’t go on ferever. There’s six of
them new milk cows I bought last night stole!”

The speaker was a New England farmer,
with a large, white beard, which covered the
greater part of his face. He was dressed in
the plain country style, blue jeans and leather
boots being much in evidence. The person
spoken to was his son, who was dressed in the
same style as his father, only on a smaller
scale. He talked and acted as if he knew just
as much about farming as anybody. In fact,
he did do a remarkable lot of work for a boy
of his size, for he was only twelve years old.
(It is appalling, the amount of work a farmer
will get out of his boy; often he is as good as
a hired man.) ;

Silas Williamson—for tha twas the man’s
name—was not the most generous person in
the world; in fact, he was inclined to be a lit-

7

tle the opposite, and to have six new milk cows
stolen was a terrible blow indeed.

The fact was discussed at the breakfast
table,

“Just think,” said Moses, for that was the
boy’s name. “There’s Will Hoctkiss’s folks
had ten milk pans stole right out of their back
toom, and George Hoctkiss said they were all
new last Spring; and there’s Hank Wilcox had
his hull milk cooling outfit took, and I don’t
know how many more people’s had things
took.”

“Well,” said Silas, “I’ll go down to the vil-
lage after we git the chores done to-night, and
see what I can do.”

When Silas arrived at the village he at once
betook himself to the country store. It was
a kind of “ department” store on a small plan.
They had everything there, and, to crown all,
they had what they do not have at most “ de-
partment” stores—namely, a post office. The
ruling feature of the store was the stove, with
benches and chairs around it—not that the
stove or benches had anything to do with it,
but from the fact that this was the place that
the sages of the town came to to chew tobacco
and discuss current events.

The man who ran this wonderful establish-
ment was Frank Hensom. “ Long Frank” he
was called and generally known by most peo-
ple because of his lanky appearance. He was
Justice of the Peace, and was generally looked
up to by the people.

When Silas Williams came into this council
room the place was pretty well filled up, and
everybody was discussing the recent thefts. It
seemed that Charles Wilson, a farmer, two
miles out of town, had undergone the same ex-
perience as Silas, namely, he had had all his
sap buckets “ up and tuck,” as he expressed it.
They had been cleaning them the day before,
and had left them outside, but when the morn-
ing came they were gone.

When Silas’s story had been told, they all
agreed that something must be done. Lengthy
Frank suggested that they organize a league,
and so the Law and Order League was started,

 
8 THE ARGO.

The boys of the place, of course, were right
on hand, and heard all that had been said, espe,
cially Johnny Hensom; and, being a boy who
generally ran things among his companions by
virtue of his “ scrapping ” abilities, he organ-
ized the “Junior Law and Order League.”
The meeting place of this club was in a cave
in the bluff back of Johnny’s house. The club
consisted of ten boys, Johnny being the ““ Cap-
tain,” and Moses the “ Lieutenant.” Moses
was not as large as the other boys, but he had
the reputation of always knowing just what to
do at the right time, and of doing it, for he
had plenty of grit. It was agreed by all that
when any one found the thieves he was to come
and ring a bell which they had put up on the
bluff for the purpose. Placing themselves as
sentinels about. the town, they wait for
business.

All goes well for a few days, until finally
somebodyarings the bell. When they assemble
they are told that the thieves are in the milk
house of James Hilang, a farmer, living just
out of town. Gathering all their weapons,
muzzle-loading guns, scythes, hay knives and
others too numerous to mention, they start out
on their terrible crusade, led by, Johnny, with
Moses bringing up in the rear.

They approach the milk house. They come
with a stealthiness that would have done credit
to American Indians. Nearer and nearer they
approach the fatal milk house, still led by the
gallant Johnny. Slowly the distance between
them and the milk house decreases until they
find themselves on the milk house floor. They
hear the floor creak in the next room. It is
too much. Their hearts fail them. They turn
to flee. But no! They find the door locked
behind them. The milk house had been closed
and locked by James Hllang and his “ hired
man,” who had now gone after a constable.

About two months before the organization
of the Junior Order League some older boys
of questionable character had secretly organ-
ized what they called the Jesse James Band,
Jr. One called himself Jesse James, Jr., an-

other Frank James J, and the rest were the

band. Their object was to steal money or any-
thing else they could get their hands on. The
leader was a very good manager, and quite
sharp, so that none of them had ever been
caught.

All the tinware and such things that they
took they carried to an adjoining city and sold
to a junk dealer, who asked no questions.
Their camp was an old deserted house back in
the woods, where they kept all things that were
stolen until they were sold to the junk man.

On the night that Johnny’s band were
aroused they had planned to rob James Hi-
lang’s milk house, and when the boys came in
they were in the milk house. Jesse James, Jr.,
looked through a crack and said: “ Well, look
at the kids!” and decided to capture them. He
ordered a rush to be made and Johnny Hen-
som, hearing the noise in the next room, ar-
ranged his men to receive an attack. There
was. quite a fight, which finally ended in Jesse
James, Jr.’s, capturing Johnny and his follow-
ers. During the struggle Jesse James, Jr., was
wounded with a hay knife, which cut his leg,
but his hurt was bandaged by one of the band
who was called “The Doctor.” The next
thing they did was to burst the lock of the door
by rushing upon it. Then Frank James, Jr..
who was always up to clever tricks, fixed a
large hogshead, filled with stones, in such a
way that it would roll down the hill on which
the milk house stood as soon as the door was
opened. Then they, with their captives, start-
de for their camp, two miles back in the woods.

When the constable arrived an hour later
with a posse armed to the teeth, he and James
Hilang approached the milk house. The con-
stable, in a loud voice, ordered the robbers to
come out, and then began unfastening the
door. Suddenly there was a crash, the door.
flew open, and the hogshead came out, knock-
ing both men over, and rolled down the hill
with a terrible noise. It was a very dark night,
and the pose were so frightened that they did
not stop running until they arrived at the
town, wihch was a mile distant. There they
told the people that there was an armed body
THE ARGO.

of outlaws about to raid the town, and every-
body rose up in arms to meet them. But they
were soon told of their mistake by the con-
stable.

‘hen it was discovered that the boys were
missing, and the people were organized into
searching parties.

When the James boys arrived at their camp
they made it into a prison for their captives,
and then started for home and joined the
searching parties.

Frank Hensom suspected Jesse James, Jr.,
and, following him one ‘night, he found out
where the boys were kept. The next day he
went out there with a body of men and cap-
tured the whole gang, freed the boys, and rid
the town of any more trouble.

FRANK T. Corsin, JR.

HOW GEORGE WENT TO COLLEGE.

(This story was one of those selected by the
Judging Committee in the Argo Editorial
Contest last May.)

If you sat on the bank of a beautiful little
river in Eastern California, you would be im-
pressed by the picture before you. There were
seen the bold rocky cliffs rising almost per-
pendicularly, interwover with foliage, and he-
low, the stream, swift and rushing in one
place, and then again broadening out into
quiet, glassy pools, with a reflection of the
shore in them.

A close observer would have noticed in the
edge of one of these pools a canoe with two
young men in it. They were George McAllis-
ter and Alexander Miller. Alexander, who
was very much interested in mineral collecting,
had come down this river on a hunt for speci-
mens. He had asked George to come along
with him, and both were enjoying the scenery
and good fishing.

At the time of which we speak there seemed
to be a lull in the fishing, and Alex. said: “ It’s
too bad you can’t go with me to college this
Fall. I don’t know what I would like better
than to have you go with me.”

9

“Well,” said George, “ there is no-use talk-
ing about it. You can't imagine how I would
like to go. But I suppose I shall have to go to
work as soon as I can get something to do.
Helloa!” There was a twitch at his rod and
his reel began to sing at a great rate. ‘The line
went rushing down stream, cutting the water
into foam. Finally George caught his breath
and said:

“IT guess I have got the old grandfather of
all the bass this time,” and he checked a mad
rush up stream.

“Well, now,” said Alexander; “he acts
quite up to date, don’t he?”

This kept up for about five minutes, and
then the bass began to weaken, and Alexander
put the landing net under him and brought out
a beautiful fish, weighing at least three pounds.

It was now about half-past four in the after-
noon, and so they floated down until they came
to where a creek ran into the river; here there
was a grassy spot in some woods, where they
decided to camp. George got supper while
Alexander put up the tent. The bass was fried
until it was a nice brown, and they ate it with
an appetite which only a long day’s paddling
can give.

After supper they sat in front of their tent
and enjoyed the glorious sunset, which made
the winding river look like gold.

It was now quite a good deal cooler, and
they were glad to roll themselves in their thick
blankets and be lulled to sleep by the breeze in
the branches and the many queer sounds of the
woods.

In the morning Alexander stated his desire
to go to a mountain about two miles distant,
and see what minerals he could find. George
stayed at the camp.

George said he would do some fishing along
the creek for trout and so about an hour later
he was walking along the stream, casting in
the pools. Finally he sat down on a rock to
rest.

He sat there dreamily gazing into the brook,
when suddenly he was brought back to his
senses by the looks of a stone in the brook; he
IV THE ARGO.

ran and picked it up. His heart gave a leap.

“Can it be gold?” he asked. “ How foolish
I am; it’s probably only a fool’s gold.” But
he looked around and found several other
pieces like it.

He took the pieces back to camp and showed
them to Alexander, who had just come back.

“Where did you find these?”

“Up the creck,” said George.

“ They are gold! and just what you have got
here is worth twenty-five dollars!”

They went back to the creek at once. They
found that the gold seemed to be only in one
place, and there they found about a hundred
pounds and no more, although they stayed a
week.

When they got home they sold their gold
for a large sum, so that George went to college
and had quite a sum left.

FRANK TAINTOR Corsin, JR.

A. A. MEETINGS:

The regular fall meeting of the Athletic As-
sociation was called to order by Mr. S. H. Op-
dyke, the president, on September twenty-
third. Mr. Gilbert Hall was elected manager
of the football team for the coming season by
about three majority.

THE FOOTBALL SCHEDULE.

The following is the Rutgers Preparatory
School football schedule for the season:

Oct. 24—Pingry at Elizabeth.

Oct. 31—Poly Prep. at Brooklyn.

Nov. 7—Barnard at New Brunswick.

Nov. 14—Trenton at Trenton.

Douglass J. Fisher, of Sayreville, N. J., will
captain the team this season while Mr. Riedell
is head coach. Mr. Ferguson will be manager.
ager.

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers’ will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these
firms.

   
 
  
 
 
 

PAGE
W. H. Cooper, Shoes......... essKexsieieltoraisiaieyalersse:e I
Times Publishing Co ....ccccccccces cocscosscol
Harding & Mansfield, Shoes......... Raisins
P. J. Young Dry Goods Co........ Naver serwvaye teveraterary I
T. J. Hageman, Clothier......0.ccecccccceeroeee
Stewart’s Haberdashery ........ceccccsccesves
W. R. Reed, Stationery .. ¥
O. O. Stillman,. Jeweler.......0.....
I. S. Van Deveer, Photographer. kiglaletsiesee es ok:
D. Cupoli & Co., Bootblack..... 7
L. Volkert, Tailor ........

Lyons & Parker, Clothiers
Jacob Weber, Tailor ..

 

  

Randolph Studio ...... Grete

B. U. Tapken, Jeweler ..........00- Biaeieisreelern
P. UH. Suydam, Grocer .........ccceee Scie ete LL
F. Bruns, Confectioner ....... UiGieiaiwie Srna aTEietele Ill
W:. J. Seng; SHOCS sccjivssiccee vvcwas owewwaweetT Til
Graham & McCormick, Caterers.............. Ill
New York Confectionery ......... Gene ETS Iu
qutwers: Collewme: ..:c:ccviieolesk ewes ese ce 8 ei Riwak IV
Wiliams & Mettlar, Poultry News............. Vv
Bissett: Drvge accisacanuwsinsaswwes snes ani ov
GC. Tamm, Statlonery: 6c cscwvicscwcwsawsiewwewaens Vv:
L. HU. Leltheiser, Barber ciccccccrcevecenccs mev
Setffert Bros., Stationery ..........eeeeee Disiersiite Vv
Hughes, Laundry .......seeeeeee be .sieth a blezerecels Vv
Weds, MGDOdG,, TAVOLY: i sis.cc.c5.0is sions sewidiecesen, iv.
Rutgers Preparatory School ......... sn MEsIES Vi

RUTGERS COLLEGE’
AND

Rutgers Scientific School,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.

Is Broad and Thorough,

and by arevisionand enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throughout the
Junior and Senior years in Latin, Greek, nglish,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political Science, Philosophy, Physics,
Chemistry and Biology.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State College for the benefi -
ture and the Mechanic Arts. . e Peneilof: Agrionl

There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree
in science.

A Course In Agriculture.

A Course in Civil Engineering and M: chanics,
8. A Course in Chemistry,

4. A Course in Electricity,

5. A Course in Biology.

THE PLAN OF
COLLEGE EXTENSION,

has been enlarged. Additional courses of lecturesin various

branches of science and literature are offered and will be

given pbrodehene a or Jersey, at such centres as ma

arrange with the Secretary of the Extensi y

Erot onls Bavier, Jr.Ph D. ‘ endion, Departments

‘or catalogues and other information, address IR VI)

8. UPSON, Registrar. ress EVING

AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

ee

 

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.

 
 

 

 

THE ARGO. v
POULTRY NEWS Delicious Milk Shakes
25 CENTS A YEAR AND ICE CREAM
Illustrated, up-to-date, original. Has special reo AT...
departments for pigeons and bees. BISSETT’S DRUG STORE
Published By ,
WILLI AMS & METL AR Agency for Huyler’s Candies,
P. 0. Box 18 General Chemist.
New Brunswick, New Jersey Cor. George and Washington Streets
' Food for Students. LOUIS LEITHEISER, A
for their Brains and M . :
| Good for their Brains and Muscle Barber and Hair Dresser
| At TAMM’S, seis
| Books, Stationery and Sporting Goods oe ave io
62 DENNIS STREET New Brunswick, New Jersey.
GO TO.... HUGHES’ LAUNDRY,
SEIFFERT BROS.
For Stationery, Books, Photo and pb) CHUB sity
Sporting Goods. Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students,

R. W. HUGHES Proprietor.

50 Dennis STREET.

 

Crand Central Stables and Automobile Station,
68 and 70 Albany St.

do not neglect to mention The Argo.

 

 

When patronizing our advertisers, please
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

FOUNDED 1766.

 

INSTRUO TORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT B. MILLS, A. M., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H. RIEDELL, A. R., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, Jr., A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English.

MISS SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

 

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, metre
For particulars address

ELIOT R PAYSON, Head Master,

New Brunswick N. J.

 
