 

 

ro
oaoxn>

 

 

 

 

 

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

Votume III

Headmaster Gives
Honor Roll For
First Semester

Cyril Nelson and David
Beardslee Still Lead
School As Before

At the end of the first semester
there were eleven boys on the honor
roll, and twelve with honorable men-
von

 

Nelson, ‘41, still leads the
sclizol with an average of 93. David
Beardslee, leader of the Junior Class,
has an average of 92. The Seniors
are headed by Robert Lamberton with
an 87.5 average. The Sophomores are

 

led by Edward Burroughs with an
average of 82.25.
Commenting upon the honor roll

Mr. Shepard remarked: “I recently at-
tended a conference of public school
heads, at which we discussed methods
of education.
because I believe that boys with a
high LQ. should have special training
as well as those whose ratings are low

In most schools the work is gauged
according to the mentality of the aver-

 

  

 

  

ze pupil, and, of course, they get
ine. The pupils with the high
mentality are held ck by the rest

of the class. This i: what we take
care of in our school. Our school has
a much higher I.Q. than that of a
High School, but out of the forty-nine
superior boys in the Senior Class only
four certified in all four subjects. There
is no way I can make you work. You
boys will be the American leaders of

I disagreed with them |

tomorrow; as it stands 1 wouldn’t like |

to have some of you holding office.”

HONOR ROL:

(Listed in order of rank)
Ninety to Ninety-five

Cyril Nelson, "44

David Beardslee, ‘42
Fighty-five to Ninety

Philip Ruegger, “44

Robert Lamberton, ‘41
George DeVoe,
Mark McChesney, ‘42

Eighty to eighty-five
Donald Dorne, "41
James Potter, ‘41
Stanley Geipel, "41
ward Burroughs, ‘43
red Lambert, "42

Honorable Mention
David French Robert Suman
William Ev Henry Weidman
William Okerson

   
  

 
 
 

   

Richard Farkas

Gordon Smith Rex Miller

xeorge Pamis Joseph Cramer
Denton Robinson

 

 

 

 

Baseball Schedule

April 29. Wardlaw—away

May 10 Montclair—home

May 14 Lawrenceville—away

May 20 Newark—away

May 23 Morristown—away

May 27 Pingry—home

May 31 Newman—home
Golf Schedule

April 25. Hun—away

April 30 Newman—away

May 6 Linden—home

May 12 Metuchen—away

May 20 Scotch Plains—away

May 26 Scotch Plains—home

 

———

 

Che Arso

Fouyded in 1889

MARCH 13,

1941

Tense Moment in Carteret Game

 

yByre reaches for tap in opening play.

Ye Dial Aspirants
Start Writing Of
New 1941 Issue

One of the most important publica-
tions of Rutgers Preparatory School,
Ye Dial, will appear in print this June.
This year book, when complete, will
contain a write up of each of the boys
in school. Mr. Simpson, faculty ad-
visor to the Me dtortal Board, states
that plans for writing up the articles
are already under way. Although defi-
nite assignments have not as yet been
made, it is expected that they will be
taken care of shortly. The Business
Board of Ye Dial has Mr. Matthews as
its faculty advisor. Preparations for
publication of Ye Dial are being made
with the I. N. Blue Printing Company
as has been done in the past.

Those students who have signed up
for work on the Editorial Board are
as follows: Messing, Binn, French,
Beaudette, Sexton, Byrne, Vandivert,
Mather, Keller, Joe Cramer, Korshin,

(Continued on Page 4)

 

Prep Team Wins
Over Pingry In
Easy Fight, 30-27

In a fast moving meet with the Pingry
School, the Rutgers Prep swimming
team vanquished easily their oppon-
ents. Prep led from the very. start
and held the lead throughout the entire
contest.

Prep forged out in front in the first
event, the fifty yard freestyle, when
powerful Johnny Miller showed his

 

  

| churning heels to Holms of Pingry.

The time for this event was 26 seconds

 

flat. In the 100-yard breast stroke,
Ralph Ruocco moved out fast, and
breezed in ahead of the rest of the
ficld. He was followed by Peets of
Pingry, and Ries of Prep. The sec-
ond hand stopped at 1:16. In_ the
next event, the grucling 220, Len Wa-
tern easily outclassed Pingry’s two

 

 

entries. He finished nearly, a lap in
the lead at a time of 2 seconds.
The score at this point was, Prep-16

 
 

(Continued on Page 4)

LOTTE LEHMAN AND LAURITZ MELCHIOR AT HOME
TO “ARGO” REPORTER AT FIFTH RUTGERS CONCERT

Mme. Lotte Lehman, soprano, and
Mr. Lauritz Melchior, tenor, were sit-
ting in the dressing room. Mme Leh-
man was before her dressing table,
which was covered with pictures of
her husband, and various throat medi-
cants, while Mr. Melchior was sitting
on the sofa.

The Duchess of Rosenkavalier and
El abeth of Tannhauser are Mme. Leh-
man's favorite roles, Mr. Melchior’s is
Tannhouser. He is the most famous liv-

 

ing Tannhauser, The above operas
are the most familiar to American
audiences.

According to Mme. Lehman this

country has the largest collection of

great concert and operatic artists ever

assembled in one place at one time.
In spare time and on holidays Mme

Lehman chooses the material for her
concerts. She said that it was not hard
because vere is such a large field to

choose from, and so many different
shades of music that she can always
find Somecihing | to please even the most
critical aud

When asked. how long they prac-
ticed, Mme. Lehman and Mr, Melchior
shuddered in horror, saying that prac-
tice would be exhaust and all prac
ticing was done during the actual per-
formances

 

 

 

 

 

  

\ Melchior said that the reason
that he and Mme, Lehman were put
together in this particular concert was
ironical. “One usua itches a wagon
to a horse, not a "said Melchior.
tT is, their voices blend together,

 

(Conisnued on Page 4)

 

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

Noemaer 5

Prep Plans
First Social

Event of 1941

“Princetonians” Will Again
Furnish Entertainment
In School Gym
COMMITTEE PLANS FETE
Boarders, Dates Will Eat At
Traps and Spend Night
In Alpha House

 

On Friday, March 14, Rutgers Prep
J its first school dance of 1941
ir is to be held in the school
gymnasium, which will be decorated
with the new maroon and white
canopy which was purchased by the
school last fall

The Prepsters will once again be
entertained by the soft music of Perce
Arusten and his Princetonians. The
Princetonians were selected because
of their satisfactory performance at
the Prep dance last fall. The dance
is to commence nine P. and
will last until one. The tentative mem-
bers of the dance committee are as
follows: Piffath, Weidman, Leon, Bob
and Joe Cramer, DeVoe, Potter, and
Hale, with Meyers as chairman

On the afternoon of the dance, the
Alpha House will be turned over to
the girls who will accompany board.
ing boys to the dance. These girls
will be invited to supper at the Traps
before attending the dance

Those who have been invited to at
tend the dance as chaperones are
follows: Mr. and Mrs. Shepard, Mr.
and Mrs, McClintock, Mr. and Mrs.
Rudy, Mr. Matthews and Miss Lantz,
Mrs. Andrews, and Mr. Holley
Because of the small percentage of
Prep boys that attended the first
school dance last fall, the dress for
this dance will not be formal as it
was before.

The price of two dollars per bid will
surely guarantee all comers a very
enjoyable evening

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

OLD BOOK SALE

During the past month Mr
Stearns has collected a great many
old textbooks which have been
gathering dust around the school
for a long time. These books have
been sold to second-hand book
stores, and over twenty-five dol-
lars has been received for them.
This sum will be devoted to the
purchase of new and useful books
for the school reference library and
for the English Department library

Since over half of these books
were old text books which had been
left behind by boys in their desks
and rooms, all boys are requested
to bring the textbooks which they
no longer want at the end of the

 

 

 

 

 

 

y to Mr. Stearns, so that more
money may be raised for the school
library

Although the Prep School has
the use of the University Library
in order for the School to main

 

tain its standing with the Second
ary Education Board, it must keep
a certain number of volumes on its
own shelves.

 

 
 

Page Two

THE ARGO

 

THE ARGO

Founded 1889

. ra official school paper of Rutgers Preparatory School, New Bruns
wick, N. J.
eh ppnished once a month during the school year by the students of Rutgers Preparatory
ichool.
Member of the Columbia Scholaste Press Auociation.
Terms: Subscription, two dollars per year.

 

NEWS DEPARTME}

 

rr
Robert R. Beaudette, 1942
David P. French, 1942
Rex T. Miller, Henry C. Sexton, 1942
Richard P. Farkas, 1942
Roderick McL. Vandivert, 1942
Denton H. Robinson, 1941

Editor-in-Chief
Managing Edstor
Editorial Editors
Sports Editor
Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associates
F, Roland Leon, 1941

1941
Louis R. Messing, 1941

» 1941
BUSINESS DEPARTMENT

Sheldon Bi
Donal Dorr

 

 

Fred C, Lambert, 1942

Business Manager
Thomas Bishop, 1943

Circulation Manager

Associates

A. Arthur Kaufman, 1941 Robert E. Moreng, 1941
Harold W. Korshin, 1941 Murray J. Seiken, 1941
Leonard A, Waterman, 1942

 

 

 

WANTED, SCHOOL SPIRIT

We are nearing the last lap of our school year, both in studies and
athletics. The time between now and June will pass very quickly,
and before we know it, another term will be over. Have you shown
yourself to be a true-blooded Rutgers Prep student by participating
in school activities and supporting the various teams and the school
paper? Is service to your school one of your ideals? Many of us do
not realize that we come to Prep, not only to get an education, but
also to become publi ed men, who can do things and do them
well, and to mold characters in such a way that we shall not look back
upon our school life with regret. Only after school hours, do we really
get acquainted with our teachers and classmates, and it is then and
only then that we get the most good out of the school day.

The basketball season is over and now we must look ahead to base-
ball, golf, and crew. If you have not been supporting the various
school activities in the past as you should, there is no reason why
you should neglect them during the rest of the season; now is the
time for you to buck up. More than ever before, we need your help.
If you know a little about baseball, or have ever rowed in your life,
or swung a golf club, get out when the time comes and try for the
teams. You may not be able to make the first team but it will show
your spirit, and if you are unable to participate in a sport, go out any-
way and give the team the moral support which has been sadly lacking
so far this year. Give them all the support you possibly can and show
them that the school is behind the team.

Then Ye Dial needs your support. You must know that the work
cannot be left toa few. The student body must meet us half way for
a school yearbook; if run by a few, it cannot possibly be called a school
yearbook. It needs material. The business, editorial, and sports de-
partments are all open for many more candidates. Your efforts, no
matter how small, will be appreciated, and you will increase your

school spirit.

ADVANTAGES OF ATTENDING
A PRIVATE SCHOOL

We consider attending a private school as something to be taken
for granted, and it is very infrequently that we stop to realize our
advantages in so doing.

Perhaps the most important of these is that while the classes in
public high school have anywhere from forty to seventy pupils apiece,
our groups are never larger than twenty-five, and sometimes have as
few as three or four. This gives the teacher a better chance to know
each boy personally, and to give more careful consideration to the
problems of each.

The masters in private schools, too, are for the most part of a higher
and superior type to those found in public schools. They are gen-
erally better educated, and intend to go further yet in the way of
getting degrees. For this reason they are both enthusiastic and in-
terested in their work. Many of the teachers are leaders in extra-
curricular activities, and each has charge of a group of boys at the
boarding school. 7

Exclusive of the masters, the boys themselves are usually of a
higher class than those found in a regular high high school, where
a great many students attend only because the law compels them to
until they have reached a certain age. There are many other reasons,
but these are among the most important advantages of attending a
private school.

  

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

NEWS and VIEWS

by Sheldon Binn

 

 

Metaxas
died, these embattled people lost an

When the Greek General
One of the amusing
is told about him goes

The General was piloting

before the war

talking to
him. He
conver
the
of

able leader
stories that
like this

a sea-plane one day
was abscnt-mindedly
officer who was with
so engrossed in the
cation that he started to bring
plane « n at an airdrome. The
ficer politely cautioned him, saying

General, this is a sea-plane

“Of course, what could I have heen
thinking of.”

He then,after setting “
in the water, turned to the off
remarked

“[ shall not forget the tact
which you drew my attention to the
blunder [ was about to make.”

Metaxas then turned. opened
door, and stepped into the bay

. ee 8

and
the
became

  

the plane down
icer and

with

the

The Aid-to-Britain Bill that was re-
cently passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives could be found on the
avenda as H.R.1776. Perhaps this sig-
nificant number again aligns itself with
liberty. Our first one, as we all know,
was our Declaration of Liberty against
the British tyrants. Ths new one Is a
precautionary measure, issued as a
powerful warning to the tyrant in

Germany.

*

Snapping into action at an officer's
command may have been a mistake on
the part of Corporal Buster, the dog
mascot of the 97th Observation Squad-
ron at Fort Benning, Georgia

The command “Squads right” was
given by Major Reuben Kyle quite
snappily. In fact, much too snappily
to suit Corporal Buster. He snapped

 

 

back. Now he may be demoted to a
mere private. He tore the major’s
trousers.

np es

Eddie McMahon still says he is not
related to Douglas (Wrong Way)
Corrigan, but the facts seem to prove
he is. Eddie goes swimming off the
coast of New Jersey to help his criv-
pled leg heal. He went one day this
year, became exhausted, and was
picked up by a launch. He had ro
idea who the men were, but they left
him off at Atlantic City, with clothes
and a little money. He hailed a New
York plated truck hoping to get home
from there. He went to sleep, and
when he awoke he was in Florida.

Friday, Feb. 7
Meyers,
bounds for P
take gentle hint
having 4 decks ©

Bishop and Mederer_ on
laying pinochle. Can't
“when told to stop by
f cards taken away.

beats Morris-
The basketball team
town by 40 to 34. Hope for same
against Newman
saturday, Feb. 8
: ‘Meyers loses front tooth after the
basketball game. Ask Bishop, he'll

tell you how.
Monday, Feb. 10 -
snday. Feb sin the Delta House lights
are out. Suman still worries about
the pool table. Only slate where the
table used to be.
Wednesday, Feb. 12
Basketball team
while the swimmers
Tuesday, Feb. 18
Basketballers again
time to Newark Academy.
lose to Plainfield
False alarm! It was only Johnny
Miller throwing the dinner bell at Dick
Meyers in a fit of madness.
Wednesday, Feb. 19:

Tex Carroll has a bird that flies
backwards to keep the sun out of it
eyes. It also whistles and talks.

Thursday, Feb. 20
V.’s lose to
Saturday, Feb. 22:
Just call him “Boomps-a-daisy” De
Vae. He sort of liked her too
Monday, Feb. 24:
Bob’ Knox

loses to Hun School
beat Peddie.

lose but this
Swimmers

the Rams by 37 to 17.

sends his laundry and
forgets the slip. Among the article
were 114 pajamas. Do the top and
bottom take turns, Bob?
Tuesday, Feb. 25:
Mr. Simpson gets real playful and
throws a glass at Bill Pfaff. Only
three feet away and he missed him

too.
Monday, March 3: /

Jim Potter goes around in a daze
and mumbling to himself. He didn’t
fy everything this month.
“Gabe” Haussner comes back to the

“traps” after the weekend, only to find
| that he has the measles.

Tuesday. March 4:

Mr. Stearns comes into the house to
preside over study hall and finds Jack
Mather and Ed Kehl indulging in 2
strenuous game of cowboys and In-
dians.

Wednesday, March 5:

The Jayvees beat the Rams, 32-20

thus giving them their first defeat in

 

 

 

He still insists he’s no relation. We nineteen straight games. Roly Leon
have our doubts. tarred.
--- THE BOOKWORM -.- -

 

 

FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS

hy Ernest Hemingway

Ser.bner, New York, 1940

In this book Ernest Hemingway has
shown clearly the horrors and savage
brutality of a civil war—one in any
country, although the action of his
novel takes place in Spain. It shows
how simple, kindly people can be
changed into monsters of hate and
brutality by fighting, and how their
ensibilities became so dulled that
killing another human being no longer
vives them any compunctions. It
makes the reader feel jubilant that he
lives in a country that is as yet un-
ravaged and unspoiled by war.

The hero is a young American
named Robert Jordan who is in his
carly twenties. He was formerly a
teacher in a small western colleg>
but went to Spain and joined the rebel
army as an engineer. He is instructed
to go behind the enemy lines and, with
the aid of a hancfull of Spanish men
and women, to blow up a bridge which
is vital to the great attack.

It is from among this group that the
characters in the book are drawn
There is Pilar, the queen of the gypsies,
a kind and sympathet'c. woman. who
practices palmistry. There is Pablo,
her husband, who was brave, fearless
and intrepid at the start of the war.

 

| He had been able to do and had done
anything asked of him, but by the
ime we enter the tale he has degen-
erated into a drunken sot who can no
longer be trusted or depended upon.
[he heroine is a beautiful young Span-
ish girl named Maria, who had been
captured and cruelly mistreated by the
nmy. She had to watch soldiers
hoot down her parents in cold blood.
She finds her healing in her passionate
love for Robert Jordan. There are a
few others—Ramon, the gypsy, whose
heart is in the right place but who is
too much of a child to be given much
responsibility, and Anselmo, an old
mon with a conscience.

Their living quarters are crude, they
have insufficient horses, and it is bit-
ter cold. Enemy planes roar over-
head daily and make lif» generally un-
comfortable. But they keep on steadily
oward their purpose, that of blowing
the bridge. While there is  surpris-
ingly little major action, there are in-
numerable minor incid’nts all through
the course of the story. At one time
they discover a group of their com-
rades who have been surrounded by
the enemy and who are being wiped
out, and they are powerless to be of
any assistance. Their helpless fury is
wonderfully described. Once Pablo
runs off with the dynamite, but a fit

(Continued on Page 4)
THE ARGO

Page Three

Swimmers Victorious As Jayvee Courtmen Win And Varsity Lose
5 JAYVEES UNDERGO HEAVY SCHEDULE AS he

Prep’s Natators
Win Five Firsts
To Defeat Hun

Waterman, Cramer, Ries, Rolfe,
And Relayers Earn
441-214, Victory

After being held throughout the
first three events, Rutgers Prep's
swimming team broke away to sweep
the back stroke, 100-yard free style
and fancy diving and crush an un-
dermanned Hun School aggregation,
44% to 21%. A large crowd of parti-
sans watched the Prepsters annex their
first win in three starts at the Rutgers
University pool on February 7.

Hun got off to an early lead as
Smith won the yard dash, beating
Manning and Miller of Prep, who
finished in a dead heat for second

 

place. The visitors increased their
lead to a 10-8 count in the breast
stroke,

Hun's domination ended, however,
at this point and the tide turned in
favor of the Prepsters. Len Water-
man tied the count at 13-13%, as he
outdueled Halsey of Hun in the 220
yard free style. The teams split the
third-place point because there were
only two entrants. Prep moved into
the lead as Cramer and Geipel took
first and second in the back stroke.
Ries and Waterman followed suit in
the 100-yard dash, and Rolfe and Pif-
fath assured victory by sweeping the
diving and lifting the count to to 37%
to 160%.

Hun ended Prep’s rule for a mom-
ent when their medley team of Hal-
sey, Leip, and Smith defeated the
Prep medley combine composed of
Cramer, Ruocco and Pfaff. The win-
ners took the last event, the 200-yard
relay, to make the final count 441% to

1%.

The highlights of the meet were the
performances of Smith and Leip of
Hun; the times turned in by Water-
man in the 220 and 100-yard free
styles; and Rolfe’s high score in the

Summary. r .
50-yard free style: First, Smith,
H.); second, Manning and Miller,
(R.P.), dead heat. Time 25.5.
100-yard breast stroke:
(H.); > second, Ries, (R.P.);
Ruocco, (R.P.). Time: 1:07.
(Continued on Page 4)

Hun School Five
Downs Prepsters

 

Leip,
third,

 

 

 

Prep’s Varsity quintet went down to
Princeton to play Hun School, and
was defeated 50-27.

The boys were appalled by the size
of the floor and the fast passing com-
bination of Hun. The first quarter
was slow, as both teams were feeling
out the other. Score 10 to 5.

The next quarter, Prep, rallied by
acting Capt Bill Howell and Moyni-
han’s scoring, showed its fighting
spirit by bringing up the score 22-16.

The second half was disastrous for
Prep. Hun, led by Thornall with 29
points to his credit, ran up the score
point after point. Prep could not keep
up with Hun’s ball playing and despite
Moynihan’s 15 points and the spirit
of the boys, Hun won the game 50
to .
The lineups:
Rutgers Prep (27)

G. F. Pts.

Hun (50)
G. F. Pts.

 

 

. Pts. . Pts

Howell, f 1 1 3) Raphael o 0 0
Meyers, f 1 0 2} Powell 10 2
yrne, 2 0 4|Coe 1, O= 2
Moynihan,c 6 3 15/Toungs 3 0 6
in, & 1 1 3/Williams 0 0 0
Potter,g 0 0 0/Sista o 0 0
Hackett,g 0 0 0) 12. 0 24
0 0 0

20 4

40 8

110 2

o 0 0

' 10 2

Totals M$ 27 Totals 25 0 SO
‘Score by periods : .
Rutgers Prep 5 11 4-27
Hun 10 12 16-50

 

HACKETT, BISHOP, LEON PACE ATTACKS

The Rutgers Prep Junior Varsity
has been more successful than its
bigger brothers this season, having
won three out of four starts in their
class, and winning one and losing

 

four outside of their class
The first game was played with the
Colts at our Gym in which our Jun

| iors defeated the New Brunswick boys

| Su phin

 

 

20-19 in a closely contested game
George Mederer scored the winning
basket on a pass from Roland Leon

Newark Academy was Preps next
victim The score was close again,
24-22, and our boys a hard time
keeping ahead of the heavily favored

 

Newarkers. John Hackett led the
scoring in this game with five field
goals to his credit

Lawrenceville was the Jay-Vee's

first nemesis. Playing against a_big-
ger and more experienced team, Prep

  

was defeated, 35-18. Bishop and
Hackett star in this game with
n and f points respectively.

 

Next came Newman, whom the J
vees duly proceeded to trounce, 39-24.
This game was remarkable for its ex-
cellent teamwork, and the fast break-
ing and passing offense which the
boys put up. Newman was ¢
dazzled by these fast mo
sters, and they were easily overcome

Asbury Park High
Submerges Prep’s
Swimmers, 38-28

Able to capiure only three firsts in
eight events, Rutgers Prep’s swin-
ming team went down to its third de-
feat in five starts at the hands of the
powerful, Asbury Park High School
natators at the victors’ pool on Feb-
ruary 2

The Prepsters gained an early one-
point lead as Jack Miller captured
the £9-yard dash. The shore team
moved into the van for good in the
breast stroke when Manger defeated
Ralph Ruocco in the good time of 1:13
The victors had their lead shaved to
a 14-13 margin by Len Waterman,
who won the 220-yard free style by
leading R. Brown and [rons across
the finish line; however, Asbury Park
regained their lost point in the fol-
lowing event, the back stroke, when
Sutphin defeated Joe Cramer and Stan
G-ipel of Prep.

The meet turned in favor of Asbury
Pork at this point, Wills winning the
100-yard free style. The home team
increased their margin in the fancy
diving; Joe Piffath of Prep finished
third behind Norton and Eggerman of
Asbury Pary. The victors clinched
he meet in the medley as Prep’s com-
hine cf Cramer, Ries, and Pfaff lost to
Manger and Wills. In the
final nt, the 200-yard relay, the
losers ricked up their final seven points
>s Waterman, Manning, Piffath, and
Miller turned in a time of 1:47.

Summary:

50-yard free style: First, Miller,
(RP); second, W. Brown, (A.P.
third. Layton, (A.P.). Ti

104

 

 

  

  

  

 

 

  
 
   
  

ger, (A.P.); second,
chird. Shafer, (A.P.)

220-yard free style: First, Water
man. (RP.); second, R. Brown,
(AP.); third, Irons, (A.P.). Time,

2:37.

100-yard back stroke: First, Sutphin,
(A.P.); second, Cramer, (R.P.); third,
Geinel, (R-P.).. Time, 1:12.6.

 

  
 

   

100-yard free style: §
(A P.):_ second, Mannin: Pt
(A.P.). 4
: First, Norton,
Egg:rman, (A.P.);
th
1£0-yard medley-relay:| Won by

S:otin, Manger, Wills, (A.P.). Time,
1:32. :
200 yard relav: Won by Waterman,
Menning. P'ffath, Miller, (R-P.)
Time, 1:47.

 

Hal Korshin) and Dick Farkas
passed to Bishop and Hackett as the
latter two scored basket after basket

Hun school was the second setback
suffered by the Jay-Vees. Unaccus
tomed to a large floor and outplayed
rior team, Prep never was
a serious threat to the Princeton boys
The game ended 26-10.

\ return game with the New Bruns
wick Colts at the Roosevelt J.H.S. was
our third defeat, 21-13. Bishop and
Leon led the scoring with seven and
four points respectively

The Carteret Jay-vees came down
to the Raritan gym, expecting an easy
victory but they were surprised. When
the final whistle blew, the score was

 

31-25, Prep's favor. The Jayvees were
hot in this game and were passing
the ball around once more, Tons

Bishop led the scoring for Prep with
ten points, followed by Hackett and
Farkas with six points each.

The last game was with Newark
who won the closely contested game,
19-17. Frank Liotta did the high scor-
ing with seven points, followed by Su-
man with six.

Bob Nafey's passing and defensive
playing proved a great help to the
team

Newark Academy
Wins In Rematch
With Prep Team

\ good Newa k Academy team won
an impressive $0 to 21 victory over the
Rutgers Prep quintet. The lanky
Newark team specialized in sensational
shots from almost everywhere on the
court.

The Maroon and White were thor-
oughly outclassed all throughout the

clash. The first quarter was a high
scoring period with the Academy
ieam’s forwards leading the attack.

Gleeson opened the game with a pair
of two-pointers, and from that time
on the Academy team continued to in-
crease their lead. At the end of the
{rst period the score stood 17 to 10
with Harvey Moynihan leading the
attack of the Maroon and White with
3 points. The Prepsters enjoyed their
best moments of the game in this
period during which they matched the
t of the tall Newark team.
Nevertheless, near the end of this
period, Newark had built up a seven
point lead.

The second period was opened fast
by Gleeson and Walker of the New-
ark quintet. With the aid of these
two men the Academy team picked up
the first six points of \he second period
and established thy Newarkers in >
lead of 23 to 10. The rest of the half

 

| was closely fought with the half time

score being 28 to 13. Byrne paced
the Prepsters during this period with
a single basket

Coming out after the halftime rest,
the Newark team overwhelmed the
Maroon and White with 16 points dur-
ing the third quorter. The team from
Newark was paced by Gleeson, their
tall forward who tallied six points dur
ing this high scoring period. The Prep
five managed to tally four points, and
at the end of the third quarter Newar!
was firmly established with a 44 to
17 leac

In the last period the Prepst'rs man-
aged to hold thrir own against the
superior Newark team 2nd held them
to six points while they netted four
points for themselves. During the
game the Prep team used two full
teams: the first team rlayed the first
and third quarters, while the alternate
team played the scccnd and fourth

The Prepsters were paced by Moyni
han and Byrne who «cored seven and

 

 

six points respectively. The Newark

team was led by thir ace forward

Lobby Gleeson who netted sevinteer
(Con..wm Freee

| ter with a foul

Prep Cagers Win
First Of Season
Over Morristown

Rally in Second Half to Win,
40-34. Moynihan and
Hahn Lead Prep

After a slow start the Rutgers Prep
court forces rallied in the second half
to win their first basketball game of
the 1941 season against the Morris-
town School quintet. The Prepsters
were paced by Harv Moynihan and
Matty Hahn and won a hard fight
40 to Mon the George Street court

The thing that really won for the
Maroon and White was their versa-
tility from the foul line which created
their margin of victory. The Prey
team netted twelve foul shots in all,
seven of then by Moynihan who paced
the Prep attack with 15 points and
was ably assisted by Hahn who regis-
tered I] counters. Leonard paced the
losers with 13 points.

The Prep aggregation made a very
slow start, dropping behind the fast
Morristown team by the count of 9
to 2. After that with the combined
forces of Moynihan and Hahn, the
Maroon and White pulled up to with-
in three points of the visitors, and at
the end of the period, the score stood
11 to 8 in favor of Morristown.

Bill Howell opened the second quar-
shot which tied the
count, but then Morristown jumped
back into the lead with a pair of bas-
kets. The two teams then continued
to match each other's tallies and the
half ended with Morristown holding
a slight edge in the score, 19 to 16.

Soon after the third quarter had
opened, Moynihan netted two baskets,

thus pushing the Maroon and White
into a one point lead. Jim Potter
\ and Dick Meyers then followed it up

with another pair of baskets, and the
| Prepsters. were well on the way to
| victory. The rest of the third quarter

was evenly fought and the count read
| 31 to 27, in favor of the Prep five at
the end. During the last period Prep
outplayed the visitors and increased
their lead to six points, and when the
final whistle had blown, the score was

40 to 34

The lineups
Morristown &. CA) Rutgers Frep (40)

Pts. G. F. Pt.

 

Horley, 1 4

  
  

0 s\Howel.f ot 4b 3
Main, f 3 0 6/Meyerssf = 3S
Leonard.c 6 1 13/Moynihan,e 4 7 15
Andrus.g © 2 2\Hackett.e 0 0 0
Me-han.g 0 1 sora
Whalen.g 2 0 oe 3 0 6

Melerer.g 9 0 0
Totals is 4 34\Totals 4 12 40

Score by Periods

Morristown Wo8 8 73
Rutgers Prep $ 8 15 & 40

inwsencailla Team
Downs Prep, 61-24

Lawrenceville defeated the Rutgers
Prep basketball team by a score of 61
to 24. Despite the score, the game
was full of spirit and fight on Prep's
side. Harvey Moynihan led the Prep
sters with 12 points. closely followed
by Matty Habn with eight. Emv«ry
Larsen and Phil Miles starred for
Lawrenceville, playing a beautiful de-
fensive and offensive game, In the
first quarter, the Prepsters held the
boys from Lawrenceville to a 15 to 7
score

The lineups
Rutgers Prep (24) Lawrenceville (61)

G. F. Pts G Pts

 

  

Meyers.f of 0) 2QiMaaren,d 651
Hackent.{ 6 0 O/Sutherland.f @ 1 1
Byrne, f 1 2 Miles, i ,
Potter.£ 0 0 0{Davis, 0 0 6
Moynihan.c 4 42 sen, ¢ 6 » 14
Korshin,c 0 OShorzg 4 3 DI
Howell, ¢ 0 0 OMcWilhams 1 1 3
Hahn,g 408 Raker. g > 3
Husurd.g 1 1
Total 10 4 24) Total 23 18 6

Score by periods
Pre

: 7
Lawreacev Me 15 16 le 14

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 

 

  

 

 

  

 

    
    

Page Four THE ARGO
F ‘GRY SW) ‘G ME =HMAN AND MELCHIOR
Prepste Lose To YE DIAL PLANS PINGRY SWIMMING MEET LEHMAN ELCI
(Continued from Page | ntinued from Page 1) Continued from Page
: +
Carteret Academy | suian, Hate, Hackett, Gross, and nd they both sing in the same style
“ | Leon. The Business Board will con 1 ke was Both artists sing in several lan
sist of the following Manning ev J Cra guages Mr or sang in Dan
Vanquished After Holding Howell, Kaufman, Bretzfield, Miller 16 secon h, German sh very fluent
ith Fe weng, Keller, Joe and Bob Cramer g the tb ly; and Mme. Lehman sang in Ger
Deadlock With Foe Moreng :

3 ° Everett, Hale, Meyers, Potter, Lam e this s man and English o ,
In First Period heron: and De Vos were foe show Exciting does not accurately describe
"2 All necessary pictures have been 100-yard free Mime. Lehman's life as it has been one
Carteret Academy's fast moving bas- taken for Ye Dial with the exception of gry took first in | whole ft She was forced
ketball team registered a 40 to 26 vic those to do with activities taking place who was right | to Austria ales
tory over the Rutgers Prep courtsters | this spring. No additional charge will second, followed | the ‘ They murdered
in the George Street gymnasium on | be made for Ye Dial, since the cost will mate, Stan Geipel cr d seized all their prop
February 11 : be taken from the publication fees paid nt showed | erty. She wears medals from many
The Prepsters held the Carteret | by the students last fall the Prepmen’s fave lands, denoting honors from many

boys to a7 to 7 deadlock in the first
period and at the end of the first
half Carteret had pulled a slight lead
of 11 to 10. From then on the visitors
ran away with the Maroon and White
rolling up 29 points in the second half
as compared with 16 points for the
home team

Harvey Moynihan led the Prep team
as he registered 16 points while Jimmy
Dowd scored 20 points for the vic-
torious Carteret quintet.

Carteret worked through the Prep
defenses in the first period and ran
up an early lead. After Moynihan
had netted the first basket, Carteret
ran up seven quick points which firm-
ly established them in a lead of 7 to

After this, the play slowed up and
th. Prepsters slowly crept up with
Moynihan netting two more baskets
and one foul shot. Thus at the end
of the first period, the two teams were
deadlocked at 7 all

The second quarter was very slow-
moving with the combined score of
the two teams amounting to only seven
points. Dowd opened the period with
a set up shot for Carteret and then
Prep jumped to a one point lead with
the aid of a foul shot by Harvey
Moynihan and a long shot by Matty
Hahn, The Maroon and White man-
aged to hold onto this lead until a
minute before the end of the half when
Dowd put in another basket. This
established Carteret in an 11 to 10
lead.

The third quarter was strictly Car-
teret’s, when they scored seventeen
points as compared with a meager two
points for Prep. The fourth quarter
was a closely fought affair with the
Prepsters fighting the Carteret boys
tooth and nail. Carteret picked up 12
points during this period while the
Prepsters were registering 14 counters.
Had it not been for the great differ-
ence in the score of the third quarter,
the game would have been a good
deal closer.

The lineups:
Carteret (40)

 

Rutgers Prep (26)
| F. Pts

 

     

  

     

  

 

    

5. F. Pts G.

Rurkef = 40) 8 Howell, f§ =o 1D
Dowd.f 7 6 20Meyers:f 0 0 0
Wishner,c 5 0 7 2 16
Lewis, & o 0 2 0 4
Hall, g 0 0 1 0 2
Saupe, g 0 0 0 0 0
McMinn. g 1 0 0 2 2
Heyward,g 0 0 OHackett.f 0 0 0
Totals 17 6 40 Totals M4 26
Score by periods:

Rutgers Prep 27 3 2 4-26
Carteret 7 4°17 12-40
HUN SWIMMING MEET
(Continued jrom Page 3)
220-yard_ free style: First, Water-
man, (R.P.); second, Halsey, (H.).

Time. 2:31.2.
100-yard back stroke: First, Cramer,
(R.P.); second, Geipel, (R.P.); third,
Albaugh, (HL) ime: 1:16.4.
100-yard free style: First, Ries,
RI aterman, (R.P.);

( second, \V

third, Miller, (H.). ime: 1:09.

ncy Diving: First, Rolfe, (R.P.);
second, Piffath, (R.P.); third, O'Neill,
Winner's points, 62.5.

ard Medley: Won by
mith, (H.). Time: 1:24.8.
y: Won by Miller,
Pfaff, (R-P.).

   

   

a

 

Halsey,
8.

   

yard Rela:
Piffath, Geipel,

| points,

| Newark Academy

 

THE BOOKWORM

(Continued from I )

 

of remorse brings him back before
the big offensive

The climax of the book is the blow
ing of the bridge. When the battle
begins, Jordan has Pilar take the girl
away, and he, with the aid of the
other men, dynamites the bridge. He
is mortally wounded during the fray,
but, just before dying, sees the enemy
troops marching up over the brow of
the hill and just as the book ends we
find that he 1s about to shoot at them
with a machine gun

Robert Jordan knew he was fighting
for a lost cause. The discipline was
inefficient, the a ged, and
the leaders lazy and inefficient. And
this fact shows up the book's major
defect. Jordan's nobleness and hero-
ism in fighting for an ideal rather t
for something more material is little
stressed, and leaves the reader asking
himself why Jordan didn't go back to
America instead of staying to be shot

 

 

    

 

    

 

   

   

NEWARK ACADEMY GAME

(Continued from Page 3)

The game was played on the
George Street court.
The lineups:
Newark Acad. (50) Rutgers Prep (21)
GF, Pes G. F. Pts

 

Gleeson,f 81 0 0 0
Morgan,f 0 0 0 o1 1
Haskins,{ 1 0 2/Howelkf = 0 1 ot
tmill,f 4 0 8|Bishopf 1 1 3
Petricelli, f 2 0 4) Moymhan, ¢ 307
Walker.¢ 93 1 7|Mederer,c 0 0 0
Allen, € 1 0 2|Ryrne. g 3 0 6
Gulag 419 Hahn.’ g a3 3
Castrih,£ 01 fackett.g 9 0 0
Potter.g 0 0 0

50, Totals 6 92

M16 630

Rutgers Prep 304 4-21

 

 

John Bishop, ‘40. has passed his
mid-year exams with honors, finish-
ing thirteenth in the Freshman Class
at Cornell, Johnny w
from taking exams in C
he had an average of ninety for the
first. term.

 

 
 

Pingry team does not
have a diving squad, our two divers,
Joe Piffath and Harry Rolfe, were
left inactive

In the next event, Coach Holley

  

saw a chance to mathematically clinch
the meet, and so he put Jack Miller
in the medley race. With the three

having taken
continued

wimmers all previously
firsts, the Pre

 

mermen

 

their fine form and won going away
Joe Cramer and Ralph Ruocco swam
the back and breast stroke legs re
spectively. Jack Miller swam anchor

and when he touched the clock showed
1:31, a fast time These five addi
tional points gave the meet to Prep
although there still remained another
event, the 200-yard freestyle The
Pingry team of Stoub, Mayhem
Holms, and Heuston won this in a

 

 

comparatively slow he Prep
men in this event were: Mannir
Pfaff, Ries, and Piffath he fir

 

 

score was Prep 30—Pingry 27
Summary

50-yard freestyle: Miller, (RPL),
first; Hlolms, (P.), second; Stoub,
(P.), third, Time, :26.

100-yard breast’ stroke: Ruocco,

(R.P.), first; Peets, (P.), second; Ries.

(R.P.), third. Time, 1:16,

rd freestyle: Waterman,
), first; Heilner, (P.). second;

Reed. (P.), third, Time, 2:37.

 

 

 

   

100-yard__ backstroke: Cramer,
(R.P.), first; Mayhem, (P), second;
| Woodruff, (P.), third. Time, 1:16.

ard freestyle: Heuston, (I'.),
yning, (R.P.), second; Geipel

third. Time, 1:01
medley: Won by Cramer,
and Miller, (R.P.3. Time,

1

200. freestyle relay: Won by

. Mayhem, Holms, and Heuston,

    

rulers

his night Mme
strikingly large zircon around her neck
on a silver cha Mr. Melchior wore
close to his collar
impression of the

European

Lehman da

  

dise

 

uge bronze

on which was the

   

g of Denmark's bus
Mr. Melchior began the concert on
the night of February 14 with the
selection “Med en Vandlilye” by

Grieg. He sang several other
pieces after which there was much ap.
Mme. Lehm next on
program; her first piece was
de, by Franz Schubert.

  
  

ward

plause

fl n was

      

Stanchen, or Seren

   

Next was a duet by both artists,
which was from the pen of Robert
Schumann. The first score, Famuilienge

portrays the picture of old age,
ents in their winter years
last part of the concert Mme
an and Mr. Melchior again sang
a duet It was Richard Wagner's
Spring Song, and Lore Duet from the
first act of Die Walkure

Mr. Lauritz Melchior was somewhat

  

weak on the first few pieces It
seemed as if he were testing the
acoustics of the auditorium. Mme. Leh.
man’s voice was up to par, and her

German was very intelligible

Give THODE’S

CANDIES
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
361 GEORGE STREET

te ee eee eee eee

 

 

}18e8 isa}
+ Mueller & New

+ JEWELERS

t New Brunswick, N. J.

'

 

GREEN

"The dependable florist”
Tel. 816

| Easton Avenue

 

 

 

eee

 

FOR HER GIFT—
A BRACELET

Clapp’s Jewelry Store
313 GEORGE STREET

 

 

 

Follow the Crowd to...

Stollman’s
Opposite Prep
School

 

 

 

Easton Avenue

Fish Market

The Home of Seapure Food

5 Easton Avenue

Phone 3382

 

 

 

 

 

 

Notebooks

Zipper Cases

REED’S

391-393 George Street

Fountain Pens

 

 

 

 

The Paulus

Est. 1890
Phone: N. B. 2400

PAULUS' MILK—Has Satisfied
Customers for Fifty Years

Dairy

189-195 New Street
New Brunswick, N. J.

—————————

 

 

 

United
Meat Market |

High Quality Market

Meats and Provisions

59 Hiram Street

Telephone 625

 

 

 

   

Inc.

47 Easton Avenue

New Brunswick

“DOC"

New System
Laundry

We do complete family
Laundry Work

190 Townsend Street
New Brunswick, N. J.

Phone 1923

 

 

 

 
. The Argo

Literary Supplement

 

VOL. I, No. 1.

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

 

The U.S. S. Rex Goes South

Frep Lampert

HE U.S.S. Rex rose and fell with the waves in Boston Harbor. It was

almost sundown, and the water about the ship reflected the bright

orange of the setting sun. The sun shone through the sails, and every

seam and patch was visible. The Rex had three masts and carried
thirty-six guns. She was light and fast, used as an interceptor and messenger.
Now she was being cleaned and repaired for further duty.

The captain of the Rex was a man of about two score years and five, who
had worked himself up from an ordinary deck-hand to his present position.
He was of forceful character and very popular with his men.

Early one Saturday morning in mid-August, Captain Brooke received orders
to sail at once for Talcahuano, Chile. Chile was in the throes of a revolution,
and the American government was fearful of its citizens’ safety. The crew
was rounded up from shore leave and told to prepare to sail.

At daybreak the next Monday morning, as the mist was just lifting from the
water, Captain Brooke was rowed to his ship. The water was calm, and the
only sound to be heard was the creaking of the oars in the oarlocks as the boat
moved forward and the lonely crowing of

American coast, stopping at various ports for food and water. Then suddenly
the temperature dropped. It became crisp and cold; the wind became stronger,
and the waves proportionately higher. The ship cut through the waves, spread
ing them asunder, cutting a mighty furrow in the sca. The water foamed and
splashed about the bow as the boat reared and plunged into the waves. Be-
hind the boat this furrow closed, and the water was a boiling mass of whirl
pools, hissing its anger in a ceascless murmur. The cold was ever increasing
and the compass showed the ship to be well below the equator.

The waves became crested with foam and the cold became worse. The Rex
had almost reached the end of her southward journcy, the Straits of Magellan.
In a few days they entered the straits. The water was so rough that the waves
broke over the ship's deck, and the foam flew through the air as it was blown
off the tops of the waves by the strong wind. The deck was drenched with
water and so slippery that the men could hardly walk on it. Rearing high on
one wave, the boat suddenly dropped into a seemingly bottomless chasm, only
to mect the water with a mighty slap and splash that sent spray high into the
air. The water was cold and stung the face and hands into numbness as it
flew across the deck with terrible force. The cliffs on cither side raised their
heads high above the waves and even the tops of the masts. The cliffs and the
darkness of the storm cast a blanket of obscurity over the ship. Pelted with rain
and hidden by the darkness, blindly the

 

a cock somewhere in the maze of streets
that is Boston. The crew were waiting
on the deck to receive orders as the cap-
tain climbed aboard. After the captain
had read the orders, the crew gave three
cheers and hastened to their duties. The
ship was a bechive of activity as the men
scrambled about the deck and up the
rigging, preparing for departure.

After they left the home port, they
sailed out towards Cuba, set like a green
gem in a vast, deep-blue mounting. Pass-
ing Cuba, they cruised down the South

 

Pickett’s Charge

Jostei Cramer

 

N that memorable July day
viewed the battle from ar y
hill, 1 fully realized the horrible
ness of war. Under the broiling
sun, the North and South were batdin
like wild animals only because they had
been instructed to, not because they haved
cach other. These soldiers, like murder-
ers, were killing their own countrymen

 

 

 

 

ship rocked and rolled, reared and
plunged, like a frightened horse. But the
captain and his crew kept the ship under
control, and finally the storm abated and
they passed into the Pacific Ocean in the
full but misty light of day.

Their journey to Talcahuano was quiet,
and the men were relieved after the gruel
ling storm in the straits. They entered the
harbor at Talcahuano and found an un-
usual number of navy vessels there. Evi-
dently the revolution had found its way

(Continued on Page 4)

 

A Room of One’s Own

Haxry Hate

sanctuary, dim in the afternoon,
the sun like the pencilled beam
of a distant beacon streaming
faintly through the west window
—that is a room. A spot of peace and
solitude in a world of hurry and disorder.
Walls of knowledge, the bookshelves, lend
an air of learning and travel to the castle
where thoughts prevail. The fireplace in

 

just because they did not agree on the
subject of slavery.

The soldiers looked very colorful in their blue and grey uniforms, carrying
the flags of the Union and the Confederacy. I could see on their faces the grim
determination to kill, and although they were practically exhausted and suf-
focating from the heat, they continued to fight. It was almost unbearable to
see a soldier gleefully drive a bayonct into the guts of his enemy, and then
twist it around inside of him, while the poor wretch on the ground was scream-
ing at the top of his lungs with the excruciating pain. But there seemed to
be another contest on that field, the blood-curdling screams of the wounded
soldiers and the explosions of cannon, sending misiles off to make the field a
sea of blood. Each seemed to be trying to make the louder noise.

Dead men were lying all over the battle-field, their eyes open but sceing
nothing, and blood was flowing freely from their wounds. Another horrible
sight was to see twenty-five soldiers making a charge dropped in their tracks,
when three cannons were discharged right into their faces. Some of their
heads were blown completely off, bloody human limbs flew all over the place,
and brains dripped out of the skulls of creatures which were once human be-
ings. The sight of many once beautiful horses, now kicking helplessly on the
ground and trying to get on their fect, was pitiful. T could see and actually

(Continued on Page 2)

    

the cast end throws its rays after the sun
has settled into sleep. A curious carved chest from the Orient rests upon an
imposing chest of drawers, the handiwork of a pioneer cabinet maker, long in
slumber. A Chippendale table faces a four-poster bed of tooled and turned
mahogany. The evenly spaced narrow oaken floor boards are covered by a thick
wine-colored carpet. On the walls, pictures of ships, frigates, barks and sloops
fill the narrow spaces between the panelled wainscoting and the ceiling. Heavy
green hangings muffle the din from the streets.

In this room, a congress of workmanship should be gathered to express one’s
own personality and opinions. After long days of other person’s influence and
control, it is a relief to return to this irregular square, filled with objects of
wood, metal and stone which through generations of life have become things
of beauty and use: to return to one’s normal self, at ease in this immediate
world which has been created about its occupant. In this retreat, there is a
chance to meditate, sulk, or brood; shout, sing, or celebrate. Moods are retained
in the chamber, as heat is in a stove, even when one has left it.

A room is what you choose to make of it. It reflects your character, life
and opinions. It can be a heaven or a hell, depending upon you. To many
people it is but a place in which to sleep and study, with no voice of its own.
To me, it is a haven which welcomes me home.

  

 

 

 

 
Edmund Spenser’s Prothalamion

Daviw Brarpstex

ROTHALAMION, the marriage hymn which Spenser wrote for the

wedding of Katherine and Elizabeth Somerset, is remarkable not only

for its beauty, but also because it shows in its short compass of ten

stanzas, so many of the poct’s characteristics. Here one of the greatest

Pe of England seems to have lavished all his art in honor of the two young
ies.

The first quality of Spenser which is shown in Prothalamion in his great love
of beauty. So great in this that he first opens the poem with four lines de-
scribing the beauty of the day and the beauty of the soft winds which cool the
earth. Then he goes on with a few lines describing his disconsolate condition
as a contrast. This contrast makes each part stand out. The next part de-
scribes the banks of the Thames all covered with flowers. Then in the next
stanza he tells of some lovely water nymphs, and always he writes so that the
reader cannot help realizing that he loves beauty. But then he really lets him-
self go in describing the flowers which the nymphs are picking. Each kind
of flower is separately, beautifully and tenderly described. If anyone should
doubt this, Jet him observe the words that Spenser uses:

“... the violet pallid blew,

The little dazie that at evening closes.”
Who can fail to appreciate the beauty of the violet or to feel Spenser's ten-
derness in describing the “little dazie.”

In the following stanza he tells of two white swans. He devotes this entire
stanza and the next almost entirely to the description of the beauty of these
swans. The way in which they are pictured reveals that he almost loves them;
indeed, he loves all beautiful things and tries to convey to us that appreciation.
So it is through the whole poem. Everything he menuons is spoken of as beau-
tiful, lovely, and fine. Spenser sincerely feels with Keats, “A thing of beauty
is a joy forever,” and to Spenser everything is beautiful.

The second characteristic which is shown is his great subjectivity. He loves
idealistic descriptions and imaginary imagery. Contrast him, for example, with
Chaucer, who says of his Clerk of Oxenford, “as lene was his hors as is a
rake.” This is definite, concrete imagery. Everyone has seen a rake and knows
what it looks like. But Spenser says of the swans that are so lovely:

“. .. To be that same payre
Which through the sky draw Venus silver teeme.”

No one ever saw “Venus silver teeme” being drawn through the sky; hence
the imagery is quite a different sort from the concrete imagery of Chaucer.
But Spenser’s imaginary imagery is no less vivid. It conveys just as clear an
image of the swans’ extreme white color as Chaucer does of the thinness of
the horse, but it is an image of a different type. The words about “Venus”,
“Silver Teeme”, “draw through the sky”, suggest the images rather than, as
do Chaucer's, give pictures.

Since the images are not exact, they stimulate the imagination, and all
people like to believe that the real world is like their ideal world. Therefore
there are in the poem realizations of beauty which otherwise would not have
been known to'exist. If we should walk along the bank of the Thames river
and see flowers, or, perhaps a pair of swans, they would not seem, perhaps, so
perfect as Spenser's swans, but we would realize their beauty more than other-
wise for having read of the perfect ones.

When the swans reach London, Lord Essex comes along to meet them,
leading out all his huge houschold in a wedding procession like the evening
star leading out all the other stars, and Essex seems brightest because, like the
evening star, he is first. Then Spenser continues this heavenly image by
speaking of the two bridegrooms who are going to marry the swans (who rep-
resent the two ladies) as the twin stars, Castor and Pollux.

A third notable characteristic of Spenser's Prothalamion is its melody. The
whole of Prothalamion runs smoothly and evenly, and there are no sudden
breaks, no jumps, no bumpiness. One feels the smooth flowing quality of the
verse. The words scem to fit right into place, and every syllable fits smoothly
into the final production.

Then, too, this meter fits the action flawlessly. For example the expressions
“gliding swans” or “flowing river,” as well as being in perfect meter, harmon-
ize with the scenes which they describe. The smoothness of the expressions
helps to give the atmosphere of the scene which Spenser is picturing. Or take
another example, namely, “Sweete breathing Zephyrus.” This smooth but
slow expression is in exactly the same tempo as the soft wind slowly moving
the air.

Another aspect of the melodiousness of the poem is that Spenser chooses his
words for their sounds. By way of example, in “silver streaming Themmes”
the repetition of the “s” and the particular tones of the vowels involved give
the impression of the river sliding along. Or, when he speaks of the swans
and says, “silken” feathers. There is something of the smoothness and the
dazzling white surface of the plumage suggested in the sound of the words.
Especially he chooses his words with deep resonant vowels. For instance,
“Whose dreadful name late through all Spaine did thunder.” The sonorous
quality of the vowels in “dreadful” and “thunder”, the deep rumbling inton-
ations give an excellent impression of Essex’s name, feared by the conquered
Spaniards, as if it were up in the sky, muttering, ready to strike.

In spite of its high and lofty tone, Prothalamion is a very human poem, for
Spenser does not hesitate to include his personal feelings. In the first verse he
speaks of his failure to get along at court. Then later on he tells of his kindly
feeling in London, his “most kindly nurse.” He says that he was born in
London but that he came from a famous family, a gentle rebuke to the courtiers
who scorned him. Finally later in the same stanza, he speaks of his want
since his kind patron died, and this again is a gentle hint to the nobility.

 

The Fate Machine

Rosext LaMBExToNn

OHN LEYDEN was a very rich and fat business man. He had a large,
square jaw and large steely gray eyes. His hair was a shiny silvery-grey,
from which lamplight seemed to be continually leaping. His wits were
sharp, or else he would not have been in the good position he now was,
and he never missed an opportunity for gain. His ways for conducting business
were not very scrupulous, but he did not bother himself with trifles such as
that. He appeared almost to radiate evil; he even stooped to black-mailing,
which to him was just another way to acquire wealth. At the present he was
very industriously black-mailing Bertrand O’Moore. :

O'Moore was a hard-working Irish electro-scienust. _ He was blond with
very bright eyes, but his sober face seemed to belie the lightness of the depths
in his eyes. He would work in his laboratory for months, but then he would
go out on a bender. It was on one of those benders that Leyden had put his
hooks into O’Moore, and now every new invention that he made he had to
hand over to Leyden, who would take the credit for the invention and, inci-
dentally, the money that went with it. :

O’Moore had recently finished a new invention with which he claimed that
he could see how a person would live the rest of his life, and when he would
die. He had called Leyden into his laboratory to tell him about it, and when
Leyden arrived, he had offered a free demonstration. Leyden agreed and
soon O’Moore had the rest of Leyden’s life on a thin wire tape. He scemed
very jubilant and this irritated Leyden and caused him to become slightly ap-
prehensive. This tape said that John Leyden would go home from his office
in a taxi, buy the evening paper, go up to his richly furnished apartment, look
at the paper, and fall over dead.

Leyden tried to bluster down his fear, but it finally broke through, and he
begged O’Moore to save his life. He offered to pay O’Moore the money ac-
quired from his previous inventions and give him the evidence against him-
self. The offer excited the interest of O'Moore, both as a man and as a
scientist, as a man, to be free from the clutches of the black-mailer and as the
scientist, to see whether he could forestall fate, a thing which no one had ever
done before. It was finally agreed that Leyden should mail a check and the
evidence from his office and then go home, where O’Moore would meet him
with some of his equipment.

At the office some of Leyden’s usual courage and craftiness returned to him.
He decided that instead of mailing the letter that contained the evidence he
would put it in his safe; if he lived, he would still have the evidence, but if he
died, the letter would be sent to O’Moore. He decided not to do anything
that his “life line” said that he would do, but without thinking, and from habit,
he walked out of the building, bought his evening paper, and hailed a cab.

At his home he decided not to look at the paper which he had carelessly
thrown on the table; that would fool the “fate machine.” O'Moore should
have been at his apartment, waiting for him with his instruments with which
to ward off death, but since O’Moore was not there, Leyden paced the floor.
Perhaps he should have sent that moncy to the poor O'Moore, he thought.
It was growing close to the hour set for his death—seven-thirty—and O’Moore
still was not there. Where was he? What was keeping him?

As he paced, determined not to look at the paper, it kept catching his eye
and seemed to be trying to tell him something that was printed there. Un-
consciously and against his will, he read the lines, but their meaning did not
immediately sink in. Suddenly he knew what was in the paper. He tore
across the room and grabbed the paper. What he read seemed to cause him
to choke and have kind of apoplectic fit. He staggered a minute, then fell to
the floor stone dead.

In his outstretched hand was found the paper, in which a innocent, little
article stated that one Bertrand O'Moore had been arrested because of his
failure to pay for some of his equipment. It also stated that when O'Moore
was picked up, he apparently had been yelling something incoherent about
his equipment meaning life or death to someone.

 

 

THE BELLS
Hanotp Korsitw
Bells for this, and bells for that
Is all we boarders hear,
And masters telling us what to do
With a very vituperative sneer.

A bell to wake us, a bell to cat,

There's even a bell to put us to sleep;

How every boy in the halls who dwells

Just loves them all, those gosh darn bells!

 

PICKETT’S CHARGE
(Continued from Page 1)
feel the agony and suffering on the faces of the we i
the Gcheting olor of bloods ee
That battlefield was a scene of destruction. Men i

dead over the entire field, and the once beautiful Paine Po pana
shellfire. In the background more men could be seen, coming to battle, and
to their deaths. But disregarding the battle, the day was one of rare beauty.
The sky was a pale blue, with clouds floating around like white lilies in a blue
pond. The hilly country was as green as a shamrock. If the dispute between
the North and the South could have been settled peacefully, the site of Gettys-
burg would have never been disturbed.
three

On the Road to Port au Prince

Rotanp Lxon

HEN the Moon came up that night, it made visible two lonely
figures walking along the road to Port au Prince. The night was

warm, and had an air of foreboding. The trees and boulders cast
weird shadows as the moon climbed. As they moved into an open-
ing, the figures became more distinct. One was tal] and well built, the other
was a man of small stature.
Drums, drums, that is all I have been hearing for the last hour. It is
making me nervous. What do they signify anyway?”, asked the tall man.
‘Oh, that is a common occurence here, mon ami,” replied the shorter. He
apparently was a Frenchman, because of the mon ami in his speech.

“But what do they signify, Francois?” asked the tall man again.

“Why, it is the drums calling the natives to join in a secret mecting, the
Voodoo meeting.”

“What does Voodoo mean, Francois?”

“Well, mon ami, I do not know, but it has something to do with black
magic. It has Very great powers, and it is very spectacular to see the natives
go ae its rituals.”

“Black magic, ha, do not make me laugh, Francois. There is no such thing,”
replied Tom in a sarcastic voice. . a

7 have seen its powers of destruction, Tom, and I believe in Voodoo’s

er,

“Oh well, you Frenchmen are all superstitious, believing what these half
savages tell you. Why, if you told a story like that in America, you would
be aughed at.”

“I would not be so boastful, mon ami,” replied F: is.“
whom I knew were killed by Voodoo.” . a

“Very interesting, very interesting Fran-

their weird customs.

Tom resumed the conversation again.

“IE | promise not to laugh at your story, will you tell it to me.”

“Yes I will. It would be quite a story to tell when you are back in New
York, mon ami.

“It is like this; There was once a German living in Port au Prince, who
cheated the natives and made a pile for himself, Von Breucken was his name.”

“Oh, yes I have heard of him, Francois. His house is the big white one on
the hill in Port au Prince, is it not?”

“Yes, mon ami, you are quite right. Well this Von Breucken was suspected
of having killed a policeman, but it could not be proved. The brother of this
policeman went to his home village, back in the mountains. There he had the
whole village come to a Voodoo meeting to avenge his brother. A mud figure
was made to represent Von Breucken, and in the night the rituals of Voodooism
began. The whole village started dancing and wailing, and at the crucial
moment, the dead policeman’s brother stabbed the mud figure.”

“But why, what good would that do, Francois?”

“You see Tom, that is the power of Voodooism, because the next day, Von
Breucken was found dead. There have been many such cases since I have
been here. Voodooism has many other powers besides that of killing.”

“I cannot believe it, Francois. How can a man be killed that way. It is
impossible.”

“Yet it is true, Tom. 1 myself on many occasions have witnessed these weird
Voodoo meetings.”

“I will not argue about the truth in your story, Francois, but it is hard to
believe.”

“Listen Tom, the drums, their volume is increasing. It is the climax of the
dance. I wonder what they are up to, those black devils,” said Francois.

“I cannot believe it, it is impossible,” Tom was repeating to himself.

To Tom’s thinking, the story which he
had just heard seemed like a tale from the

 

 

cois. Tell me about this killing power of w
Voodoo.” |
“What for? You would not believe it
anyway, so why waste my energy just to
hear you laugh. Let us walk faster and
reach Port au Prince before dawn.”
They kept on walking silently, with
the sound of the drums ringing in their
ears, while the moon climbed higher and
the shadows grew shorter. Now and
then faint cries would reach their ears,
cries of the dancing natives going through

All shivering in the park;

 

O, ’twas a terrible sight!
Riding in a Subway

Suevpon Binn

cumstances, to have to ride on a sub-
way, you should be aquainted with
its idiosyncrasies, and so be able to
cope with them properly. I shall create
an average novice subway rider, put him
on a subway, and show you what he does

Is you should ever be forced, by cir-

Forgotten by all the land,
And lend a helping hand!

 

THE FIRE AT THE SHELTER
} A Modern Ballad

Davin Frencit

There were beggars and burglars,

Up came a Salvation Army man,
Promising shelter from dark.

But when these poor derelicts entered the shelter,

Planning to spend the night,
The place burned hot as a coal-town smelter,

As the flames grew fiercer the panic increased,
It spread like chaff in the wind;

It killed ten men ere the chaos had finished,
And hurt many more of their kin.

Now they'll bury them all in one common grave,

And all through him who would them save,

Dark Ages with its witchraft and mys-
teries. His sophisticated mind, accus-
tomed to the practical side of life, could
not fathom the ancient African rites of
these weird black men, so that in his
mind belief and doubt were at odds.
The rest of the journey was made in
silence. And as the moon was going
down, and the shadows were getting
longer, two figures reached Port au
Prince. One was still muttering, “it is
impossible; it cannot be done.”

con-men and crooks,

cla =

sides, and the doors slam shut, Elmer
bouncing back at the door. He hits the
door with such an impact that he breaks
three ribs.

Elmer, at this moment did something
that is the last thing he should have done.
He breathed. Not inhaled mind you, as
that is impossible, but exhaled. When he
exhaled and tried to inhale, he found that
it was impossible because of the strong
pressure on his already weak chest. By
the time the train reached the next sta-

 

 

right and wrong. —_

The first step that he must take is to
insert his nickel in the coin receptacle on
the turnstile. This enables him to pass through to the trains. Elmer, our
average novice, did this, but took with him an armful of packages, and so was
halfway through the turnstile when he found out that he didn’t fit. People
behind him, anxious to get home after a hard day's work, yell to him to move
ahead. However, the natural impulse being to retreat, he does, and so loses
a nickel and does a good job of holding up traffic. He reaches down into his
pocket to find another nickel and fidgets annoyingly until he gets it, where-
upon he clumsily drops it. He bends down to pick it up and drops his pack-
ages. If it had not been for a friendly Boy Scout, Elmer would have been
killed in the subsequent stampede for the turnstile.

Elmer now gets several words of encouragement from the Boy Scout, and
ventures forth again. This time he makes it, minus the packages which he has
lost in the stampede, and finally emerges on the station platform.

It is five o'clock and the rush hour, and Elmer ought to be careful, but no,
he is day-dreaming of that stew that his mother is going to have for supper.
Twice he is almost pushed on the tracks, but an observant policeman saves
him. These two close calls do not shake Elmer, and he continues to dream.
Absentmindedly he steps on the wrong train and docs not realize his blunder
until he is in Canarsie. Elmer gets off the train and retraces his steps to his
starting point. This time Mr. E. is awake, and he starts to get on his train.

Now, the beginning and the end of a train are always the more crowded
sections, because people save a block of walking if they are at the end or the
beginning, as the case may be. At the large terminals only station guards
who weigh over two hundred pounds are posted at the beginning and end.
Well, Elmer gets in at the end, but only halfway. He is half in and half out,
the doors can’t close, and the whole subway system is being held up by Elmer.
The guard must act quickly, so he steps back, gets into a crouch like that of a
football linesman, and plows into Elmer, hitting him in the small of the

back. As Elmer is hit, he goes halfway across the car, the car bulges at the

tion he had lapsed into unconsciousness
from lack of air. If it had not been for
a Sea Scout, well trained in the art of artificial respiration, he would have died.

Elmer now re-enters the train in the middle, having learned his lesson, and
finds there are no seats, so he grabs a strap and takes out his newspaper. He
shouldn’t have done that. The man next to him asks politely:

“Please turn to the sports section, buddy, I'd like to find out what the
Yanks did.”

“Here, take it, I never read the sports section.”

“Say there fella’, you mind if I peek at the financial page, I'd like to see
what A. T. & T. did.”

Ret thing, I never bother with it, I havent’ enough money to invest in that
racket.”

“Let me glance at the first page; I’m anxious to see the weather report.”

To make a long story short, Elmer reads Advice to the Lovelorn and the
Society page the rest of the way home. It’s not the three cents, it’s the prin-
ciple of the thing.

Elmer finally spots a seat and beats a lady to it by a fraction of a second.
Because of this supposed rudeness she twice accidentally on purpose kicks him
in the shins when the train jolts. Now my little piece of advice after this epi-
sode is not to sit down when a lady dives at a seat. Let her have it; she will
win in the long run. I know you will say that a lady can stand as well as
you—after all they say that men are no longer the stronger sex—but they will
win in the end. Let them have the seat.

Well, our pal Elmer finally arrives home, a ruined man. He has in this
short time lost all his packages, broken three ribs, ruined his lungs for life,
received shin injuries, lost contact with world events by losing his paper, and
now has come home late and missed the stew.

Now that we have seen what Elmer has done wrong we can formulate a
plan of do’s and don'ts. Always carry nickels in an available place; get on at

(Continued on Page 4)

 
 

For Sale

Donat Doane

unfair advantage of any city slicker. Jode offered to throw in his '32 Ford

in addition to his small farm—just to even up his side of the bargain.

After all, since Jode was going to retire to New York and be a big business
man, he would have no further use for either his farm or his auto.

The transaction was to take place this morning—and in secrecy. Yes, the
city fellow insisted that Jode couldn't get the real benefits out of the deal if
any information regarding it were to be let out. The arrangements were very
simple. Jode, after turning over the deed and the auto to the city man would
go over and take control of his new business. As soon as the deal was closed,
the city man very unexpectedly was called out of town on some important
business.

The day after Jode had bought his new business, he was, to his amazement,
escorted to a nearby police station.

“What's the charge?” asked the captain,

The officer replied, “Damaging Government property, sir; we caught him
painting the name ‘Jode’ over the entrance to the Holland Tunnel, sir.”

I: was surely a good trade, but our country friend wasn't willing to take

RIDING IN A SUBWAY

(Continued from Page 3)

the middle of the train, have a Boy Scout, Sea Scout, and policeman on hand,
a pulmotor, and a first-aid kit. Among the don'ts we find: don’t try to get
through a turnstile with a lot of packages; don’t bend down to pick up lost
articles; don’t day-dream; don't breathe, read a newspaper or sit down; and
above all don’t get on at the end of the train.

My best advice to you is to walk, take a taxi, hire a horse, bus, or bicycle, or
just sit at home and live on your income. If you must ride the subway, try
to obey the above axioms; make sure that you are in the best physical health;
and be sure to carry sufficient identification. Your family might want your
body. Families are that way you know.

four

THE U.S.S. REX GOES SOUTH

(Continued from Page |)

here. ‘This was true: the Loyalists were making a last stand in this smal] town
on the coast of Chile. The more of less tyrannical rule of the government
which had oppressed the common people for some ume had at last come to
its fate.
aig the harbor, the Rex was challenged by a vessed of the Loyalist fleet,
the San Salvador. a 5s

“Ahoy, Rex, surrender immediately or we'll fire on you! cried the mate of
the San Salvador. : .

“This is an American ship. You can’t fire on us. .

“That makes no difference, you may be carrying contraband.

“The fool,” cursed Captain Brooke, “we're Americans and we have our
rights. We won't surrender.” .

“You were warned, Rez, suffer the consequences.

“Sound battle stations,” was Captain Brooke's uncompromising answer.

The drums rolled and the decks were cleared for action. The bare feet of
the crew pattered on the deck as they loaded the cannons and opened the can-
non ports. One by one the gunners signaled that they were ready.

Slowly the two boats maneuvered for position. Now they were headed
towards the sca about one and one quarter miles apart. Their courses ran
parallel, but Captain Brooke changed his course so that he would cross the
San Salvador's path right behind it and take a broadside with his heaviest
cannon.

The day was bright and clear when the cannonade began. The San Salvador
was the first to fire; a solid ball ripped through the rail of the poop deck. Then,
as the Rex swung down on a swell, Captain Brooke ordered his men to fire.
Solid ball and grape shot tore through the cannon ports and left gaping holes
in the side of the San Salvador,

The crews reloaded and fired again. The Rex raked the deck of the Loyalist
ship with grape-shot, and the San Salvador returned it with a volley from her
full broadside. For an hour the shot flew across the narrow gap between the
two ships. The air was filled with gunsmoke and the cries of wounded men
screaming above the noise of the cannons.

The sails of both ships were shreds of tattered canvas where the grape shot
had slit them in a thousand places. The middle mast of the San Salvador was
broken by a well placed shot, and the rigging hung about the deck. The
South American sailors were covered with the sail which had fallen over them.
The Rex had shot the right side of the San Salvador so badly that she listed
far over and was taking in water fast.

The South American ship was beaten. Her decks were covered with blood
and splintered wood. The bodies of dead and dying lying about in heaps
were used as cover from the musket fire of the Rex. Men with gory holes in
their bodies, their heads shot clean off, or minus an arm or leg, presented a
grucsome sight for the boarders from the Rex.

The Rex took aboard survivors and let the San Salvador sink. Then as they
turned to enter the harbor, which was now several miles away, they were
greeted by a small boat load of men.

“Welcome to Talcahuano and free Chile,” shouted the leader.

When they were brought aboard, the man who had first shouted, a captain
in the Revolutionary army, explained that his party had finally wrested the
power from the tyrannical Loyalists.

 

The Tragedy of Lem Wilson

Rosert Beauperre

The story I'm about to tell
Occurred in '49;

Don’t shudder when I speak of it,
That was a bloody time.

Lem Wilson was an old, old man,

Who had dug, and sweat, and swore,

And worked his claim nigh twenty years
Before he'd hit the ore.

One sunny day in mid-July,

He struck the precious gold;

He didn’t curse, but shouted loud,
For it had made him bold.

He took the nugget in his hand;
His eyes shone with delight;

He fondled and caressed the stone,
The stone that took his might.

He cursed, and swore, and yelled, and laughed,
And leaped upon his mule;

He looked again at that little stone,

The stone that could make men rule.

That night Lem Wilson rode to town,
His ore clutched to his breast,

But before the next night rolled around,
Lem Wilson lay in rest.

He chanced upon the Silver Grill,
And showed his gold to all;
Little did Lem realize

He'd soon be in a brawl.

After Lem had drunk his fill
Of beer, and gin, and rum,

He sat down to a game of cards,
Which he should not have done.

Across the board a card shark sat—
His name was Poker Jim;

Little did Lem realize

A sucker can never win.

The game was terrible and brief,
Lem saw his money gone;

He rose to his feet and drew his gun
To right this awful wrong.

His desperate efforts were in vain,
For in his drunken haze,

His pistol clattered to the floor;
Jim’s gun was first to blaze.

That night upon the tavern floor
Lay poor Lem Wilson, dead;

His twenty years of work no good;
A bullet through his head.
