— THe ARGO

Votume |

Plans Announced for
New School Building

Drive for Funds Started Mar. 15

The long awaited new school building
seems at last to have entered the realms
of possibility. A drive to raise $55,000 has
been announced, and wealthy alumni and
friends of the school are being asked to
contribute what they can. The need for a
new building has long been felt, not only
because the old building at the corner of
College Avenue and Somerset Street is
old and in poor repair, but also because a
wider curriculum and a different arrange-
ment of schedule is felt to be necessary
for the efficiency of the school. The
school, under the new plan, will be able
to have a self-contained campus, will be
welded into a stronger unity by narrowing
the gulf between boarding and day boys,
and will satisfy more completely the re-
quirements of a country day school.

The plan, as it now stands, is to abandon
completely the old building and move all
and offices to what is now
Parker Property at the cor-
ner of College Avenue and the extens
of Senior Street, or, in other word
rectly in back of the Delta House at the
rance to Neilson Field. On i

i

 

 

 
 
   
  

 

 

   
   

 
  

   

© gray
the rear.
of the University
of the Preparatory School
Briones ies carvene marker value. =
posed to purchase this site and reniodel
ss oupe: in neear dance mith Bans
Mionigned the pel at the New

Jersey College for Women, and the Second

Dutch Reformed Group on College Ave-

nue.

When this remodeling is completed, the
house will have on the first floor the

Headmaster’s Office, administrative offices

for Mrs. Ward and Mrs, Andrews, an at-
tractively furnished waiting room for par-
ents, a library, and a modern lavatory.
There will be six classrooms on the sec-
ond floor. On the top floor will be two
smaller rooms which will be available for
small classes, a master’s study, and activi-
ties. In the basement is to be constructed
a locker room with a locker for each stu-
dent, and modern and complete toilet
facilities, as well as a storage room for
laboratory supplies and a dark room for
photography. It is proposed to build an
addition 30 by 65 feet in size, which will
be connected to the main building on the
north side, and will be built in a har-
monizing style of architecture. This ad-
dition will contain a study hall with facili-
for 120 boys which will be equipped
with a projection room at the rear for
showing movies and slides. There will
also be in this addition a large mathe-
matics room, 27 by 30 feet, and a very
modern and efficient laboratory, 30 by 30
feet, for Chemistry, Physics and Biology.
This will be arranged with a demonstra-
tion table at the front and wall type ex-
perimental desks, In place of the desk and
scat arrangement in the present labora-
tory, there will be three large tables ar-
ranged in a U shape so that the instructor
can easily inspect the work of the class,
moving from one boy to the next. The ad-
dition will be built of brick over cinder
block, and so constructed that another
story can be added if necessary in the
juture,

By this plan two more classrooms will
be added. This will eliminate the conges-
tion on the second’ floor of the present
building as well as allow smaller classes
to be held. At present only thirty-six
classes can be held in one day, but in the
future fifty-six -will be possible. The
(Continued on page 4)

  
        

  

 

  

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL
NEW BRUNSWICK, NEW JERSEY

MARCH 22, 1939

1889

Nunper 7

 

Architect’s Drawing of Proposed New School Building Showing Addition

Rutgers Prep Alumni
Dinner Held at
Roger Smith Hotel

Dr. Demarest, Mr. Shepard and
Mr. White Address Gathering
The annual banquet of the Rutgers

aS U eT ara erccinse aaron a eS MerTE

in the ballroom of the Roger Smith Ho:
tel, New Brunswick. The evening featured
speeches by Dr. W. H. S. Demarest, Mr.

Stanley Shepard, Jr., headmaster of the

school, and Mr. Ralph P. White. Further

entertainment was provided by Philip C.

Messenkopf, '39, who gave a program of

magic of about forty minutes in length.

Dr. Demarest was the first speaker of

the evening. was at one time president
ot Rutgers University and is noted for
his knowledge of and research in the his-
tory of the University and of the Prep
School. His subject was “The Past of
Rutgers Prep.” Among the many interest-
ing facts that he mentioned was that there
is a possibility that the Prep School is
over two hundred years old. He said that
certain data that he has uncovered in-
dicate that there was a Prep School here
in 1730. As yet, however, he has been
unable to authenticate the information.

Mr. Shepard followed Dr. Demarest on
the evening's program with a talk on “The
Present of Rutgers Prep.” Mr. Shepard
is now headmaster of the school, having
succeeded Mr, Philip M. B. Boocock two
years ago. His absorbing speech gave
an extremely interesting account of the
daily life of the school. He also discussed
the many recent changes and improve-
ments that have taken place in the school,
such as the new tennis courts, the recon-
ditioning of the Gymnasium, the re-
establishment of THE ARGO, and many
minor changes.

The final speech of the evening was
Mr. White's enthusiastic and encouraging
talk on “The Future of Rutgers Prep.”
Mr. White, a resident of Summit, N. J.,
is the Chairman of the Rutgers Prep-
aratory School Council, and a member of
the Board of Trustees of Rutgers Uni-
versity. He discussed the proposed plans
for a new administration and class build-
ing which will be located on the present
Parker property and which will be an
example of what the modern school build-
ing should be. Mr. White was extremely
graphic in his description of the building,
and appeared confident that the necessary
fifty-five thousand dollars would soon be

(Continued on page 4)

 

  

 

 

    

  

Annual Winter Dance
Immense Success

Jimmy Martin’s Orchestra

Warmly Received
the first few notes of “Phe Chant of
ceeds,” Jimmy Martin and his band
officially started the long-awaited winter
dance by playing the song which identi-
fies him to those local followers of swing
music. Amid the gay surrounding 1
multi-colored bunting and soft lights, this
excellent band of eleven pieces kept a
constant flow of music coming, and the
couples glided across the floor in com-
plete enjoyment. At intervals the boys
in the band gave the spotlight to a band
within a band. With Eddie Martin on
the clarinet and “Herby” at the piano,
“Bus” Daniels, the negro drummer, really
got off some licks on “Dinal: “Honey-
suckle Rose” and other compositions that
brought the dancers hurrying off the
floor into a crowd around the band stand.
Even with the regular numbers the whole
band warmed up and gave out with the
real stuff. The slower and sweeter songs
were also ably handled, featuring frequent
vocals by Les Evans. Everyone enjoyed
a novelty which started with Rachmani-
nofts prelude and ended in a real low down
jam session.

A new system was tried out at. this
dance. Each dance, of which there were
twelve, consisted of four numbers apiece.
Cutting was allowed only in the last two
numbers of each dance. The intermission
was between the sixth and seventh dances.
During the entire evening a well stocked
punch table was kept at the side, and
tasty cookies were constantly available.

In the receiving line were Mrs. Mari-
anne Andrews, Mr. A. Z. Holley, Mr.
and Mrs. Wells R. Covington, Mr. and
Mrs. Schuyler H. Rust, and Mr. and
Mrs. Stanley Shepard, Jr.

The three girls escorted by Paul Brooke,
William Clarke, and Robert Weindel
were guests of the Shepards Friday night,
since they came from out of town.

 

    

 

 

The guest list included:
J. Bartow Sophia Sislow
P. Brooke Slizabeth Chesterman
|. Coad Helen Jane Fagan
R. Cramer Peggy Carrigan
J. Cramer Janet Bay
W. Crawford Elinor Crowell
. Davis Millicent Woodward
G. DeVoe Flo Rielly
S. Hakanson Mary Hayes
W. Harper Elizabeth Fisher

Largest Honor Roll
Of Year Announced

Twenty-eight Receive Scholastic
Distinction

‘The Honor Reéil for the month

February was announced on Monday,
March 13, by Mr. Shepard. The roll was
the largest we have had this year, con-
taining twenty-cight names. “Seventeen
sen‘ors, or nearly half the senior class,
were on the list. The roll was headed by
a senior, James Arnold, with Davil
Beardslee, a freshman, second. Two other
seniors, Vincent Kellogg and John
Schmidt, also had averages over 90. Six
boys had averages between 85 and 90,
and cightecn Tetween 80 and 85. The
complete list follows:

HONOR ROLL
Ninety and Above

Arnold, J., °39 Kellogg, V., '39

Beardslee, D., '42 Schmidt, J., '39
Eighty-five to Ninety

Rudolfs, W., 40 Mohr, H., ’39

Wells, J., 39 Cook, J., “41

Clark, W., ’39 McChesney, M., '42
Eighty to Eighty-five

 

 

 

Ratti, F., ’39 Farkas, R., 42
Stogner, R., '39 MacKay, F., '39
Feldman, L., '39 Cramer, J., 41
Reuter, R., 39 ‘oad, J., "40

Kolakowski, E., '39 Lambert, F., "42
Cochran, R., ’39 Pipes, E., 39
Dietz, H., ’39 Messenkopf,
DeVoe, G., "41 Werner, M., ’39
Bishop, J., '39 Parkinson, F., 39

aS

     

F. Hermann Joyce Cristal
F, Johnson Phyllis Reed
H. Johnson Elizabeth Thomas
V. Kellogg Jan Cholet
J. Miller Jenne Selton
E. Pipes Margaret Concannon
W. Reilley Elizabeth Beard
W. Rudolfs Dorothy Brill
. Rust Jane Van Dyke
P. Rust Harriet Stowe
J. Schmidt Ann Tolman
R. Stogner Janet Craig ~
C. Thompson Gloria Martin
R. Weindel Margaret Gernard
J. Wells Jean Grimes
P. Davis Janet Craig

From all reports everyone who at-
tended had a wonderful time and hope
that there will be at least one more dance
this year.
Page Two

 

THE ARGO
Founded 1889
The official school paper of the Rutgers Preparatory School, New Bruns-
wick, New Jersey.
Published by the members of the Rutgers Preparatory School Press Club.
Member of the Columbia Scholastic Press Association.
Subscription: Two dollars a year.
Single copy: Twenty cents.
Editor-in-Chief
Managing Editor

 

P. V. Kellogg, Jr., '39
J. R. Arnold, ’39

 

Sports Editor. J. M. Clancy, ’39
Business Manager 3 L. M. Farley,’40
Beadle, R., 40 Messenkopf, P. C., ’39
‘oad, J. "40 Mohr, H., ’39
Cook, J., "41 Rust, P. S., 41

Reuter, R. E.,, 39
Shafer, H. B., 42
Stogner, "40

Styskal, G.

rs}

 

 

.» "40

 

 

EDITORIAL

While the present recitation building has serve
over a hundred years, it has been felt for some time
alike that it would be advantageous to the school to have a larger and more
spacious building. This wish will soon become a reality. The fact that the
new building will be located near the dormitories will be a great help to
boarding pupils, especially in bad weather. Its modern equipment will aid
both the teachers and the taught. Its oil heating system will be a source
of comfort in the winter. The library, which will be an important part of
the building, will contain standard works and reference books used in the
various classes and will save endless trips to the Rutgers and Public
Libraries.

The present number of students has been found to be the most satis-
factory, and but a slight increase is planned. The additional two classrooms
will obviate any overcrowding or over-large recitation rooms. The new
modern laboratory will be of great assistance to the students of Chemistry
and Physics, for these are departments in the school which have suffered
from the fact that the present building was erected before these subjects
were included in the curriculum.

The school administration is to be congratulated upon its efficiency in
finally bringing this plan to a successful realization.

dl its purpose well for
by faculty and students

 

WAR

War is probably the greatest disaster which man can undergo. Plagues
and epidemics have been brought under control, droughts and famines
are being gradually eliminated, but war still continues, more menacing than
ever before. It is interesting to contrast the death toll of the recent Chilean
earthquake, the most disastrous in the twentieth century, in which about
twenty thousand people lost their lives, with that of the war in Spain, in
which it is claimed that there have been 800,000 casualties. The World War
took a greater toll than any other disaster since the Black Plague in the
fourteenth century. a F

If war breaks out in Europe soon, as it very well may, it is our business
in the United States to avoid it if we can. We cannot let a hypertrophied
sense of national honor bring us into a disastrous conflagration, This is
especially important to us, as many of us will have to fight in the front line
trenches. Several graduates of our school were killed in the last war, notably
Joyce Kilmer, He is a good example of the manner in which war wipes
out the fine minds of a nation. . _

Since it is up to us to fight any war which the United States may enter,
it is also largely up to us to make the decision of war or peace. If the United
States pursues a policy of non-aggression, at the same time protecting its
rights, it will be respected by the nations of the world. There would be no
necessity of keeping a huge standing army like those of the nations of
Europe. Our nation has a moral obligation to avoid the disasters of war.

 

 

 

INTRAMURAL SPORTS

During the interim between winter and spring sports, the dormitories
have been organized into intramural volley ball teams. We believe this to
be an excellent idea. Intramural sports give a real opportunity for those of
us who have not sufficient athletic abiilty to make the teams. It is a sport
without the pressure which is put on the school teams. This system is
especially good in a small school like ours, and should be expanded to in-
clude some of the major sports, if equipment difficulties can be solved, It
is also an excellent method for finding out unsuspected talent in some
students who have not perceived their own ability.

Intramural sports give the students a sense of particip
activities which they would not gain merely by looking on.
the team spirit among boys of lesser ability,
of training in sport which they could not
develop the spirit of friendly competition a
them to know each other better.

ation in school
< It helps develop
and give them the advantages
otherwise acquire. It helps to
mong the boys, and also helps

 

THE ARGO

 

PICK-UPS

By Vincent Kellogg

 

 

 

Even though the coming of Bock beer
with its promise of spring was celebrated
by a snow storm we all are as cheerful
as spring catalogues about March egress-
ing as docile little lamb .. . but this feel-
ing of cheerfulness . . . prevalent among
those of us who are blessed with the
ability to turn to the sports section of the
daily papers without so much as glanc-
ing at even a headline on the front page

. might become misleading. . . . Hence
for_the benefit of all, here is one of
“F.P.A.'s” choicest bits of philosophy... .

 

 

 

“Bill Jones was cynical and sad;
He thought sincerity was rare;
Most people, Bill believed, were bad,

And few were fair.

 

He said that cheating was the rule
That scarcely anything was Jake
That nearly all, both, knave and fool,

Were on the make.

Jim Brown was cheerful as the sun;
He thought the world a lovely place
Exhibiting to everyone
A smiling face.

He thought that every man was fair
He had no cause to sob or sigh
He said that everything was square

As any die.

Dear Reader, would you rather be,
Like Jim, not crediting the ill,
Joyous in your serenity
Or right, like Bill?”
a
And while on the subject we are re-
minded of the famous saying that Harry
Borchers made after being presented
with an award for driving 375,000 miles
without an accident. His words of wis-
dom were “I'd rather be a live pessimist
than a dead optimist.”
*

 

Mr. Paul R. Rea, of that enterprising
little Indiana town, Logansport, has
demonstrated the type of character that
is enviable to all of us who hope to sur-
vive these weekend surprises that Herr
Hitler insists upon offering the world. ...
He was sleeping in his home, a brick
building . . . in the wee small hours of
the morn ‘the bricks timbers pro-
ceeded to tumble . . . but Mr. Rea slept
on. ... In the morning policemen, search-
ing among the ruins, found him. sur-
rounded by fallen timbers and_ bricks,
still sleeping. . . . He hadn't even had a
nightmare. . . .
x 6.

My colleague, Mr. Stogner, has made
a crack to the effect of certain inhabitants
of cars in Buccleuch Park being annoyed
by schoolboys blowing horns... . If mere
horns annoy them think what their re-
actions would have been if they had been
in the place of a young couple .
names mentioned . . . who were severely
reprimanded by orth Carolina Judge.
+. The jurist noticed the aforementioned
couple in the back of his court room and
thought their embrace too amorous for
the prevailing dignity. ... The gentleman
was asked to move forward several seats
an almost sure cure. .

eke

 

  

   

 

A select member of the idle rich recent-
ly became tired of being idle and entered
into a life of scientific experimentation.
+. Experiment number one was “t
find out how long it would take to find
half of a needle in half of a hay stack.”
+: + The half hay stack was placed on
Connecticut Avenue in Washington, D.C.
+: + Daily he received piles of letters
with helpful suggestions from his many
interested followers. ... During his search
he also ran an enterprising business . . .
selling a piece of straw in an autographed
envelope for the “small sum of one thin
dime.” . . . His next venture into the field
of science will be to demonstrate the dif-
ference between Florida, California, and
artificial suntan. He will get a Florida
tan in front, leaving a round space over
the solar plexus for the artificial brown.
++. the California tan will be in back... .

ze

  

 

In this world of Progress and increase
of race promotion it seems almost eerie
to see an announcement of the vital sta-
tistics of any town... no matter how
small . . . read_as follows... . he an-
nual report of Mount Washington, M;
showed that the bi
Deaths, 0; births,

‘ass.
ox score for 1938 was;
0; marriages, 0,”

DEAR DIARY

 

 

 

Tues., Mar. 7:

he next-to-last, thank God! swimming
meet has been swum. It was a return en-
gagement with Asbury Park, and ended
tely in the same manner as the
. we lost 51-15. The only
noteworthy incident of the meet was the
performance of our divers. The rest of
the meet was very, very bad—for us.
Wed., Mar. 8:

Again our Prep team took to the pool
and was taken by Peddie for a ride. Prior
to this meet there was a feeling among
the team that we would win, since Hun,

  

  

our only victim, had defeated Peddie
earlier in. the season. However, our
womanly intuition “done us ” to the

 

tune of 42-21. Evans and Rudolfs made
rather nifty wins in the fifty yard free
and backstroke respectively. Our only
other superiority exerted itself as usual
in the di

 

 

Well, swimming is over for the year,
as is basketball, At present our many
alumni are being invited to a blow-out at
the Roger Smith. Everyday, letters
marked for points near and far leave the
feverish hands of our headmaster, and
are sent to the four corners of the earth.
Apparently many of our earlier grads
are now missionaries in war-torn China
or some such other portion of the globe.

Fri., Mar, 10:

Tonight the first school dance of the
year gets under way. The gym where is
held this dance is hardly recognizable,
what with its banners, streamers, chairs,
chaperons and other things cluttering up
the landskip round. Every once in a while
a violently protesting Freshman is made
to cling precariously to the rafters and
hang up another ribbon. But it all goes
to make for a fittingly festive occasion.
In the afternoon yrs. truly and another
Arco slave labored over the fascinating
task of addressing copies of this paper to
ssorted alumni. Things being dull,
genious discoyery was made con-
ning the addressing of envelopes, but
it cannot be divulged here.

Sat., Mar. 11:

Th went along smoothly enough
during the day, but at night it was a
different matter. A favorite rendezvous
among the convivial members of our smart
set was temporarily out of order. So,
brethren, take heed—the “Powerhouse”
is not a thing of beauty and a joy for-
ever, but might prove too hot a candle
for some moths,

Sun., Mar, 12:

Rainy Sunday again, but there is no
required chapel, for which we give much
thanks. On days like this the only thing
to do is sleep and smoke and gripe about

the weather. Therefore, we will pass on
quickly to—

Mon., Mar. 13: :

In this short pause between winter and
spring sports it has been customary to
play volley-ball as a stop gap. Teams
have been chosen and a regular schedule
is in existence, but today we all assembled
in the gym where Mr. Rudy explained
the game to those who had never play
it before. Temporary sides were then
chosen and everyone got a chance to
learn the game.

Tues., Mar. 14: :

It seems we spoke too soon when we
said training for spring sports had not
yet begun. There are two in school who
have started to run regularly every day
They are the Messrs, Flynn and Mohr,
and one would have to be deaf not to oy
about it, since Herm’s permanent i
is over his legs. I guess in Germany # a4
don’t bother with training but just Ei
buckshot in the starter’s gun, Well, sti 5
work should not go unrewarded, so here
an carly wish for a successful season a i
may you never get spiked on your Pe
corn!

Wed., Mar, 15:

There were many new but not beautifl
faces in school today, for most : sid
fellows «sick with colds are bacl ah?
ready for a lot of hard work—oh, yas
All feeble joking aside, the weatliet ie
been lousy and is responsible for a ae
trouble with the mucosae, so wear ¥ ‘al
coats and rubbers, or old man cold W
getcha,

 

  

  

  

  

  

    

 

(Continued on page 4)
 

SAWDUST SAWYER

By Roy Stogner

 

 

 

 

In 1492 it was America; in 1564 it was
Shakespeare; in 1800 it was Napoleon;
in 1914 it was war; and now in 1939 it’s
another issue of THE ARGO. Incidentally
it has been very quiet around the campus
for the past week. Only fifteen or twenty
marks have been issued; the usual amount
of studying has been done; conservatism
at the table is still unheard of—so you see
that nothing unusual has happened. Yes,
the little wheels keep running on the
same old track, never varying from their
acustomed course—except, of course, until
someone greases the rails. Then said
culprit may be found on bounds for the
next few weeks, and the little wheels
continue their rounds free from molesta-
tion until the next sucker tries. Why, the
old battered nose is fastened so tightly
to the well-known grindstone that a germ
couldn't pass between the two without
barking its shins. Who, me, a pessimist?
Certainly not! I’ve just been looking on
the sunny side of life so long that I have
to wear dark glasses now.

Well, to get back—I hear that “Scoop”
Clancy was very much embarrassed and
abashed the other day in the Beta House.
It seems that a man, whose face was un-
familiar to Clancy, was looking over the
piano in the common room. Upon the ad-
vice of one “Percy” Harper, Clancy re-
marked to the gentleman that he should
pursue his career of tuning pianos in a
more diligent manner. Apparently Clancy
wasn’t aware that said gentleman was to
be the future Math master. Incidentally
Clancy has resigned himself to the care
of fate in respect to his future Math marks.

P. S. Was Clancy relieved to hear that
Doe Cook is staying for the remainder of
the year!

“he tide of battle rose to new high in
the Gamma House Monday night. Yes,
the water line threatened to drown every
termite in the house, as it rapidly ap-
proached the ceiling. However, the tide

quickly ebbed when Mr, Holley collected
numerous water pistols from the inmates,
The guerilla warfare met an inglorious
(water, to you) was
nopped up, and only the sag-

© remains to give mute

evidence to the ferocity of the battle.

All those persons who got home at four
e'clock Friday night—pardon, Saturday
morning, March 11, will please make an
effort to get home at 3:45 hereafter. It
sounds better.

It would probably burn the ears off a
longshoreman to hear what the inhab-
itants of certain parked cars in Buccleuch
lark would have to say in regard to cer-
tain passing schoolboys who persist | in
annoying said inhabitants by blowing
horns, etc.

‘A lover of the old style and art of
dancing might well watch a dance now-
adays with a lengthy face. The question
uppermost in his mind is, “Will dancing
ever come back?”

Speaking of styles, if ladies’ hats con-
tinue on their present trend upward and
heavenward—well, if trees become scarce,
the birdies’ll know where to head in.

Have you heard the definition of swing?
Well, here it is: “Swing is the mangled
melody resulting from the meaningless
minds of misdirected musicians whose
music motivates millions of jitterbugs to
perform multifarious manifold motions
upon millions of dance floors many times
monthly.”

Surprise! Irango Ironmonger has found
out why he wasn’t so extremely popular
with certain Virginian lassies. Did you
ever smell Salami? Well, it seems that
some of the southern belles did—on
Irango.

Now I know why cats don’t hang around
the recitation building. Look at what the
mice did to Mr. Holley’s radiator.

Speaking of mice, Harry Garey has
successfully trapped an especially mis-
chievous mouse that has been accepting
the hospitality of his bed every night
lately. And do dead mice get around!
Right on the light cord in a dark hall-

   

 

    

 

 

 

 

3 Have you heard about the honor system
in the Delta House? Everyone gets two
marks Monday night—the honor system
then goes into effect.

THE

Volley Ball Fills Gap
Between Basketball
And Baseball

Spring Sports to Begin After
Vacation

Following closely upon the heels of
the basketball season, the various volley
ball teams have taken over the gym court.
The students in the boarding department
were divided into six teams, each team
being composed of six players, Each team
plays an opposing team every day, the
winning team being the one that takes two
games out of three. The games are closely
contested by the players and provide a
thoroughly enjoyable method of recrea-
tion to fill up the days between now and
the start of the baseball season,

Introduced last year for the first time,
volley ball has won the whole hearted
approval of the boarding students. There
are plans under way for the forming of
an elimination tournament to determine
the best team. All of those boys who are
engaged in the sport are looking forward
to making their team the superior one.
The spring vacation will mark the end
of the volley ball season, and it is hoped
that by that time the best team will have
been chosen.

Spring practice for baseball will begin
immediately upon the return of the stu-
dents from their spring vacation. Baseball
has been one of the major sports at Prep
for many years, and in the past there
have been some very good teams turned
out. Although last year’s team did not
meet with a great deal of success, every-
one is looking forward to see this season
in baseball as successful as the one en-
joyed by the football team last fall.

here are several fellows out for pitch-
ing and catching. These boys are already
training in the Rutgers gymnasium for
the coming season. A strong pitching staff

is expected to improve the team greatly
and to make it superior to teams of the
past.

The candidates out for the tennis team
will take over the courts with the open-
ing of school after the spring vacation.
Mr. McClintock will replace Mr. Ralls
as coach of the coming tennis team. It is
hoped that under his guidance a stron;
tennis team will develop. A goodly number

YS are expected to turn out for the
prospective team. Two years ago Prep
had a very successful team, and it is hoped
that an equally good team will result for
the coming season.

A revival in interest in a track team by
some of the Rutgers Prep students this
season has brought about the forming of
a track team. Several of the boys had the
rules and plans for the future team ex-
plained to them by Mr. Rudy in a meeting
at the Alpha House two weeks ago. It is
expected that someone connected with the
university track team will coach the prep
students in this activity.

Another sport in which the students will
participate is golf. It is not yet definitely
known whether a golf team will
formed, but if a sufficient number of
students desire that a team be formed, in
all probability we will have one, coached
again by Mr. Rudy.

 

 

 

Josephine Antoine
Concludes Concert Series

 

The bell-like notes of Josephine An-
toine, contrasted with the resonant chorus
formed of the combined glee clubs of
Rutgers, Princeton, and New York Uni-
versity, brought the Sucre Huger
Concert Series to a thrilling close on
Tuesday night, March 21. The high light
of the eevning was the initial rendition
of the “Hunting Song” written by Clokey
especially for this concert.

‘This is the first time that a performance
of this type has ever been given in any
of the previous Concert Series of the Uni-
versity. Its success was assured before
the first note was sung by having, such a
personable prima donna as Josephine An-
toine has proved herself to be in her
many past concerts and Metropolitan
Opera appearances. The capacity audience
that filled the Rutgers Gymnasium to
overflowing was generous with its ap-

 

 

ARGO

Prep Bows to
Rutgers Freshmen In
Last Game of Season

Completing a good season with a good
game, Mr. Rudy's basketmen were edged
out of a victory over the Rutgers College
Freshmen by only four points. At the
final gun, the score stood at thirty-one to
twenty-seven, but this score did not show
the true complexion of the game, for

nk bas-

s ies, few

points were scored from close-in shots.

On the other hand, the Prep boys showed

good teamwork in setting up their pick-off

plays and in clearing men under the

basket. Ed Kolakowski freed himself
ve

 
 

 

 

se 1 times, which, together with fine
defensive play, made him the outstanding
player of the game. John Kluey was his
regular self, dropping in four baskets and
three fouls for a total of eleven points.
Rosenthal was the Frosh star, scoring
four baskets for a total of eight points.

In the first quarter, the Prep five got
off to a good start, racking up four points
before the Freshman team got started.
This was quite a feat, for the boys had
not in their schedule had to play in a
court which could compare with the di-
mensions of the Rutgers Gymnasium.
However, the collegians came back strong-
ly and tied the score. For the rest of the
quarter it was nip and tuck, and at the
whistle, the score stood at four to seven.
The Prep Team began to tire after the
second quarter was well under way, and
the older boys took this advantage to run
the score up to 18 points to Prep’s 12,
where it was at the half.

Both of the teams came up strong at
the beginning of the second half, and the
third quarter showed the Freshmen hold-
ing only a slight edge over the school-
boys. During the fourth quarter, the game
see-sawed, one team scoring only to have
the other duplicate and put the two teams
in the same relative position. The length
of the floor was beginning to weaken the
younger team, however, and the final gun
came as they made their final attempt to
conquer their stronger adversaries.

Mr. Rudy was very satisfied with the
showing which his team made against
their superior opponents and marecathat
it was a game worthy of the team and a
fine one with which to finish the season.

The teams:

 

Rutgers Prep

 

 

Kluey, f. Sr st
Bartow, {. 0 2 2
Hasbrouck, f. 1 0 2
Wells, f. 0 0 06
H < 2 1 5
kowski, 3 1 7
&. 0 0 o

107

Rutgers Freshmen

G. F. Pts.
Porkins ee
Pierce 0 0 0
Day 0 0 0
Freeman 2 1 5

Talfer 0 0
Schmidt $ 7 3
Homan 0 0 oO
Shuster 0 0 0
Dorsch 0 0 0
Jarvis 1 0 2
Gebler 0 0 0
Hurlburt 0 0 0
Rosenthal 4 0 8
Watson 0 0 0
Peterson o 0 0
30°45 31

 

plause of the fine work of Miss Antoine
and the chorus. The air was filled with
the electricity of an audience spellbound
by an excellent performance. Miss An-
toine’s sparkling interpretations of these
well loved songs and the precision and
tone of the chorus formed a balanced
program which was acclaimed by all to
be one of the best of the series.

The program was opened by a group
of songs by Bach, sung by the chorus.
The next group consisted of solos by
Miss Antoine, including the aria “Una
voce poco fa” from Rossini’s “The Barber
of Seville.” There followed more_solos
by Miss Antoine, one by Mr. Robert
Nicholson and numerous chorus numbers
led by Miss Antoine. The song that found
the most favor with the audience was
the stirring Vassals Chorus from Wag-
ner’s “Gotterdammerung” which con-
cluded the recital.

 

Page Three

Prep Mermen Conquered
Asbury Park

 

Defeated 51 to 15 in Return
Meet

 

In their second engagement with the
Asbury Park swimming team, on March
8. Prep again went down to defeat, but
made a much better showing than before.
Westfield High School had also been in-
vited to take part in this meet, but because
of a lack of men, they only entered a
few events. In these events, however, they
did surprisingly well.

The meet started with the fifty-yard

free style. The entries were Anderson
and Keen for Asbury, while Evans and
Davis, who took Farley's place, swam for
Prep. The race was won by Anderson of
Asbury, closely followed by Evans, in a
time of 26.4 seconds. In the hundred yard
breast stroke, Mayer and Cron, of As-
bury, came in first and second respective-
ly, with Mohr of Prep close behind. Mayer
made the hundred in a time of 1:10. The
following event, the two hundred and
twenty yard free style, was also won by
sbury, with Wills swimming the event
a time of 2:34.4.
Mayer, and Rudolfs of Prep fought
hard for first place in the hundred yard
back stroke, which was made in one
minute, fourteen seconds. When the final
announcement of the race was made,
however, it was found that Asbury had
won by a slight margin. Again, in the
hundred yard free style, Asbury took first
and second places with a time of 1:22.

In the diving, Bill Malthaner and Harry
Rolfe gave Prep its only victory of the
afternoon. Malthaner had a_total of 69.5
points to take first place. Eggerman of

Asbury Park took second place with a
score of 53.9. Harry Rolfe, the midget

diver from the Elementary School,
in third with a total of 46.8, and Morton,

of Asbury, was fourth with 42.3 points.

 

 
    

 

  

  

The next two events, the medley and
the relay, were both won by Asbury Park,
the times being 1:39.4 and 1:538, re

spectively. Prep came out of the meet
on the small end of a 51 to 15 score.

 

Theatre Club to See
“The American Way”

 

_ The Theatre Club will resume its opera-
s when, on Friday, April 14, its mem-
s will attend a performance of “The

Vay” at the Center Theatre
ork City. Under the supervision
oi Mr. Brewer, the club will travel by
automobile to Jersey City and complete
the journey by tube and subway.

“The American Way” is a large-scale
panorama of American small-town history
from 1896 to the present time, written
by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart,
and produced by Sam Harris and Max
Gordon. It has a large cast of two hundred
actors, the better known of whom are
Frederic March, Florence Eldredge (Mrs.
March), McKay Morris and Ruth
Weston. Containing all the trials and
heartaches of a struggling immigrant, the
play brings in rapid succession business,
politics, the great war, the panic, the
depression and the menace of Fascism.
The life of the immigrant and his wife
(played by Mr. and Mrs. March) in a
small American town is the theme of the
play. The Center Theatre is especially
adapted for this play, since its great size
allows the scenes of marching men and
blaring bands to be produced on a scale
large enough to approach a startling de-
gree of reality. The cavalcade is brought
to a touching climax by the combined
voices of the cast and audience singing
“The Star Spangled Banner.”

This will be the third trip of the club.
They have previously seen “Hamlet” pro-
duced by Maurice Evans, and Helen Hayes
in “Victoria Regina.” Although no fur-
ther plans have been made for future
excursions, all boys expect at least one
more during the remainder of the year.

     

   

 
Page Four

Plans for New Building

(Continued from page 1)
school policy will be to have no classes
with more than fifteen members. Class-
room furniture will be of the new type
steel tablet arm chairs.

The program of the school day will also
be altered. Instead of the present arrange-
ment of six periods from 8:30 a.m. until
1:15 p.m., there will be five periods from
8:30 am. to 12:30 p.m. The sixth period
will run from 1:45 to 2:30 p.m., followed
by a seventh from 2:30 to 3:15 p.m. All
boys will eat at the school dining-room,
only a hundred yards away, in two shifts;
the first group from 12
second, from 1:15 to 1:45 p.m. This will
provide for both boarding and day pupils.
It is hoped by this change that there will
be a great increase of school spirit. By
eating together, the boys will be together
longer and there should be a greater
unanimity.

In order to construct the addition to the
Parker house, the present garage and shop
behind the Delta House will have to be
moved. This will provide more room on
the practice field, and because many of the
day boys will, under the new dining-room
arrangements, feel that they can stay
through the entire day, an increase
participation in athletics and other activi-
ties is expected. Also, since Rutgers Uni-
versity sferred its athletic de-
partment across the river, a more frequent
use of Neilson Field is available.

It can be easily seen from this descrip-
tion how advantageous the plan will be
for the w ¢ of the school. The coopera-
tion of all friends of the school and of all
the townspeople of New Brunswick is
asked for the support of this, the only
private school in the near vicinity. It is
estly hoped that there will be an im-
mediate response, large enough to permit
work to begin at once.

 

  
   

 

 

   
    

 

 

    

 

Alumni Dinner

(Continued from page V)
raised. It will be a yast and long. needed

THE

Dear Diary

(Continued from page 2)
Thurs., Mar. 16:

One of Mr. Ralls’ classic French jokes
was sprung upon an innocent class this
morning. We have forgotten its various
ramifications, but his observation on the
value of ice water in H— (bad word)
was o.k. Incidentally, we dare anyone to
run over to the Delta House and holler,
“Let's have a Revolution.”

I?

 

 

Sure, an’ if it isn't St. Patrick's Day
and everyone should have a bit o’ green
on him somewheres. In school, Harp's
new shoes were a minor sensation, but,
don’t forget, they laughed at Columbus
too. In the afternoon, we wandered down-
town and gave the newly opened V and X
a gander. [ts crowded aisles brought back
memories of Coney Island, Fourteenth
Street, and a pig-pen, but the clerks were
all right—if you get me.

Sat., Mar, 18:

Many fellows went to the Pre-College
Convention at Pingry School today, and
apparently were well satisfied with the
idea, for it was a welcome chance to get
first hand information about credits and
such, and a vote of thanks should be given
Pingry for making this possible.

Sum, Mar, 19:

In five more days we go home. Just the
very thought of it has paralyzed Dear
Diary’s brain and addled his wits so much
that all he can say is, “Sunday—no rain.”

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

SCHOOL SUPPLIES
ATHLETIC
EQUIPMENT

 

REED’S

391-393 George Street

 

  

nent, and from. the
by the alumni present at the
ave their full support.
The other entertainment for the evening
was furnished by Phil Messenkopf and
his assistant, Robert Weindel, both mem-
hers of the Senior Class in the school,
who gave isplay of magic and sleight
of hand tricks. Messenkopf is the youngest
member of the International Brotherhood
of Magicians, and his fame is far-reach-
ing. His most baffling trick consisted of
passing a solid glass rod through two
playing cards fastened on either side of
a plate of glass. The two cards have holes
jn them, but the glass appears undamaged
at the conclusion of the trick.

Before the banquet there was held an
Executive Board Meeting of the Alumni
Association. Routine matters were dis-
cussed, and it followed the general cour:
of all such meetings with little interesting
information resulting.

 

 

banquet it wi

  

 

 

 

 

H. W. CLAPP

Jeweler

313 GEORGE STREET

Class Rings, Trophies and Gifts

 

neem mmcmmrmmmrmmmnment

HERMANN
FORWARDING
COMPANY

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

Mi

‘ake a Habit to Lunch at

Stollman’s Restaurant
and Confectionery
108 SOMERSET STREET
Opposite Prep School

New Brunswick, N. J.
Telephone 3309

 

 

 

Everything in Photography

College Pharmacy,

Inc.

47 Easton Avenue

New Brunswick

DOC

ARGO

 

AT FACTORY PRICES.

With 2 trousers

AND FOR EASTER-

It’s BONDS “Student Lane”

(in a class by itself)

Even your teacher will tell you “nothing succeeds like
success.” Why should we bring up this point? Only be-
cause BONDS today is America’s largest clothier in men’s
clothing. And though our STUDENT LANE LINE is a
new venture with us—it has proven to be successful be-
cause of BOND’S tremendous research work, which was
done before introducing their Student Lane suits—top-

coats—sport coats and slacks to you young fellows.

Deal with an organization that is beyond the experi-
mental stage. Dress properly for Easter—save money—
buy BOND CLOTHES DIRECT FROM THE FACTORY

Typical college fashions

 

 

Suits 517-5 up Topcoats 517-4

 

Open daily

BOND FACTORY

8:30 a. m. - 6 p.m.

Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday evenings until 9 P. M.

Upper Remsen Avenue, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Arthur Berg S.J. Teretsky

CITY GARAGE

International Trucks
Sales and Service

 

105 Burnet St. New Brunswick, N. J.

Tel. 6122

 

 

HOAGLAND’S
DRUG STORE

Prescription Specialists

Cor. George and Paterson Streets
New Brunswick, N. J.
Phone 49

 

MUELLER & NEW

1939

Jewelers

New Brunswick, N. J.

 

 

 

 

 

 

—_
