VOL. XV.—No. 2
NOV., 1903

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers Preparatory School
New Brunswick, N. J.

 
I THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look!

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM H. COOPER’S,
376 George St.

 

Satisfaction. Low Prices.

TIMES PUBLISMING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

2, FINE JOB PRINTING 2

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid,

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

 

9 Peace Sr. New Bronswiox.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,
NEW STOCK OF DRESS GOODS & SILKS | Carpela, Mattings:and Tags,

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings. i Linoleums and Oil Cloths,
SUITS AND JACKETS, “*°CHTLDyEN'S!°™o Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains,

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 27 SHURCH sTREET,

 

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
 

THE ARGO.

T. G@ HAGEMAN,
FINE CLOTHIER AND FURNISHER

96 CHURCH ST., NEW BRUNSWICK.

STEWABRT’S HABERDASHERY,
Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,
CHURCH STREET, NO. 29.

 

 

RUTGERS PREP. SCHOOL BOOK STORE

W. R. REED,

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY

 

DESCRIPILION.
880 GEORGE STREET, NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
0. 0, STILLMAN, |. S. VAN DERVEER
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN. Photographer

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins i
Made to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding Special Rates to Frats and Classes.

 

 

Invitations. :
as CHURCH STREET. 355 George St., New Brunswick.
FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR L. VOLEERT,
A TEN CENT SHINE FOR FIVE CTS. m
Polish, Shoe Laces and Fine Cigars. Merchant Tailor,
ALL SHINES 5 CENTS. 369 GEORGE STREET.

Dominic Cupoli & Company,

405 GzorcE STREET.

LYONS & PARKER, Jacob Weber,

Sweaters, Track Suits, Etc. MERCH DB NT 7 TA | LO R,

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHERS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J. 417 George St.

New Brunswick, N. J,

 

 

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.

 
lil THE ARGO.

RAN DO | P LY FOTO-GRAPHER

Studio: George St., opp. Soldiers’ Monument
SPECIAL RATES TO STUDENTS.

We have special school and college mounts and special backgrounds.
This is a SPECIAL invitation to you to call at Studio.

B. U»TAPKEN;

JEWELER.
All Kinds of Soclety Emblems Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

Made to Order.

 

 

 

 

 

Telephone 46. A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF..........
EVERYTHING THE BEST. Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s
P.H.SUYDAM, _ SHOES -
GROCER,
MONUMENT SQUARE. AT LOWEST PRICES

 

FINE CONFECTIONERY and ICE CREAM —

at F. BRUNS WILLIAM J. SENG’S,

71 CHURCH STREET

Graham & McCormick, Rutgers Prep. School

Caterers and Confectioners Shoe Stores.
FANCY CAKE BAKERS.
FRATERNITY AND OLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY,

 

——_

 

109, 111, 113 Church St. A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.
The New York Confectionery. Repairing Neatly Done,
P, A. CONSTANTINIDUS & CO,
101 CHURCH ST., NEAR GEORGE ST. Remember the two stores,
New Brunswick, N. J. 48 Easton Ave. and 414 George St.

 

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns, please mention The Argo.
THE

 

 

 

ARGO

 

 

VoL. XV.

New Brunswick, N, J., Nov.

» 1903. No. 2

 

 

 

The Argo.

Prdlished Monthly During the School Year, by the

RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL.
Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.

Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

<>

BOARD OF EDITORS:
THOMAS DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE,
Editor-in-Chief,

 

 

 

FRANK T. CORBIN, Alumniana,

RAN GS Bs POTTER
DUMO F, ELMENDORF,
CLARKSON STELLE,

8. ARTHUR DEVAN, Literature.

BENJAMIN M.MILLER,
SAMUEL CG. WARNE” } Business Managers.

t News.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R.C. P.S., New Brunswick, N. J., and must be
acoumpanted with the nanie of the author,

’ Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of the paper only,

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute,

 

 

TO THE ALUMNI.

In looking over our list of subscribers we
noticed that very, very few of the alumni have
sent in their subscriptions to The Argo. This
should not be so. Although you have left your
Alma Mater and are

“ Safe now in the wide, wide world,”
nevertheless the school has a claim on you
which you cannot rightfully forget. You may
say “ Nonsense.” But the lessons of. faithful-
ness and uprighteousness which are taught in
school have a value which is greater than the

tuition fees could secure. ;
Each and every alumnus should take an in-

 

terest in the school’s life. The way in which
you can be brought in touch with your former
classmates and the school is by reading The
Argo. Although we fully realize that The
Argo is very far from perfection, yet it can be
greatly improved if each alumnus will take to
heart the fact that it is his duty to support the
school paper. By support we mean the pay-
ment of your subscription, which amounts to
only seventy-five cents a year, and the con-
tributing to the Alumniana news and also to
the other departments of The Argo.

If you wish to contribute, but do not desire
your name to be known, it will not be pub-
lished. The name is desired simply as an evi-
dence of authenticity.

When at the first of the year we took up the
management of The Argo we were advised to
make the paper as interesting as possible for
the alumni. This has been and will continue
to be our endeavor. But it is not possible to
make it interesting for the alumni unless they
help us to make it so. We wish to have at least
thirty alumni notes a month. If you have any
suggestions to make concerning The Argo and
the school we would be glad to receive them.
And though we may not agree with the sen-
timents expressed, yet we will be thankful for
the interest manifested.

We bring this matter before you, trusting
that you will give your thoughtful considera-
tion thereto and your seventy-five cents to the
business managers,

 

THE TEAM.

As we go to press the news of our magnifi-
cent victory over Barnard reaches us. The
team this year is certainly making a name for

 
 

tr

the school. Four victories in order (and not
once scored on) is a record to be proud of.
We hope the team will be as successful in the
remaining games as during the first part of
the season. In next month’s issue we hope
to present a complete record of the team.

As examinations come at the beginning of
the month, The Argo may be delayed about
a week, but the editors will do their best and
try to haye the December issue make its ap-
pearance on or about the sixteenth.

 

THE R. P.

While we would not in any way condemn
the rules regarding the R. P., yet we think it
would be better and more creditable to the
players themselves if that honor could be won
in a certain game or games.

The rule which is suggested is one that is
used by a number of schools of which we
know, arid we have been told that this rule
works very well. We would also suggest that
a suitable monogram or class numerals be
awarded to those who play regularly on the
“scrub,” or play in one or more regular games
on the first team. We would be pleased to
print any opinion concerning the suggestions
printed above.

 

ALUMNIANA.

Alexander Robert Fordyce, Jr., ’92, was
chosen as an Assemblyman from Middlesex.
County in the recent election. Mr. Forcyce
made a remarkable run, being elected by three
hundred and twenty-two majority. This was
the second highest majority given any candi-
date in this city or county. Speaking of the
new men brought into prominence by the re-
cent election, the Home News on November
fifth thus comments editorially on Mr. For-
dyce:

“The most interesting personality is Mr.
Alexander Fordyce, of Dayton. The effects
of his campaign were felt in the city, but not
nearly so much as in the country, where his

THE ARGO.

name was on every lip. He is a young man
surely marked for advancement.”

After leaving Rutgers Prep. Mr. Fordyce
entered Princeton University, where he took a
prominent part and was very popular. When
he left Princton in 1896 Mr. Fordyce entered
the New York Law School, graduating from
that institution in ’98. Mr. Fordyce practices
law in New York City, but his home is in
Dayton, N. J.

William Nevinson Jennings, Jr., ’95, was
umpire of the Rutgers Prep. School-Poly.
Prep. game at Brooklyn on October thirty-first.
He is now in business in New York City. Mr.
Jennings was married about a year ago.

J. H. Thayer Martin, a former student in
Rutgers Prep., was elected an Assemblyman
on the Republican ticket in the recent election
in this county, having a majority of two hun-
dred and sixty-eight. After leaving Rutgers
Prep., Mr. Martin went to Harvard. Mr. Mar-
tin is a lawyer, with offices in Newark. His
home is in Woodbridge, N. J.

Frank Eckerson, ’96, visited The Trap on
Tuesday, October sixth. It was nine years ago,
to the very day, that he first set foot on The
Trap grounds. Mr. Eckerson was a Sloan
prize man, an inter-collegiate debater on two
occasions, and delivered the Master’s oration
at the Rutgers College commencement in June,
1903. He is now on his way to China, where
he intends to enter upon the work of a
missionary.

Alonzo Ranson, ’97, will complete his course
this year at the New Brunswick Theological
Seminary.

Morris M. Davidson, ’98, was in town the
last week of October. Mr. Davidson has ac-
cepted a position with a firm in upper New
York State, and it is said that in the near
future he may be made the superintendent of
this firm’s interests,

Howard Crosby Voorhees, ’98, was in town
on Election Day.

Robert Hude Neilson, ’99, was in town on
November third. Mr. Neilson is studying at
the Harvard Law School this year.
THE ARGO. 12

Joseph Labaw, ’99, made a call at The Trap
in October. Mr. Labaw graduated in 1902 from
the Michigan School of Mines, and has since
held a responsible position as mining engineer
in Utah.

S. Bradford Woodbridge, ’99, was in town
on November sixth. Mr, Woodbridge is a
member of the Class of 1904 at Princeton
University.

Lucius Porter Janeway, ex-’99, was in town
on November sixth. Mr. Janeway is a mem-
ber of the Senior Class at Princeton.

On Friday, November sixth, the New York
Evening Journal printed an excellent picture of
the Senior Class of Vassar. In the group are
Misses Claire Halstead, Marion Voorhees and
Jennie Voorhees, all members of the Class of
1900, Rutgers Prep.

Carroll, Badeau, ’or, attended the Pingry
game on October twenty-fourth.

Leslie M. Hay attended the Pingry game
on October twenty-fourth. At present Mr.
Hay is a student in the University of Pennsyl-
vania and is rowing on the Freshman eight-
oared crew.

Harold Edward Green, ’02, had his nose
broken while playing on the Rutgers College
football team against Manhattan on October
fourteenth. Mr. Green was recently elected
captain of his class eleven.

Norbury Murray, ’02, is playing a fine game
at end on the Rutgers College ’Varsity this
season.

By an oversight F. Granger Lang’s name
was not in the list of 1903 men who have en-
tered Rutgers College this Fall. He is playing
quarterback on the scrub at that institution.

John H. Bergen, ’03, recently distinguished
himself by winning the “two twenty” yard
run and by securing second place in the hun-
dred yards run in the Sophomore-Freshmen
games. He also ran on his class relay team.

Royal A. Stout, ’03, won third place in the
half-mile run in the Rutgers Inter-Class Meet.

William Harris Benedict, ’02, was second
place in the hammer throw contest at the Rut-
gers Inter-class games.

Miss Ruth A. Williamson, ’03, with her
brother, Charles, a former student in Rutgers
Prep., and her mother sailed for Germany on
Octobed twenty-second. After arriving there
they will stay a short time in Dresden, Saxony.
Miss Williamson visited the school on October
fifteenth,

Schuyler H. Rust, ex-’03, has been elected
secretary of the Class of 1904 at Willistori
Seminary. His class numbers seventy.

William Smythe, ex-’05, was one of the Rut-
gers Prep. “ rooters” at the Poly. Prep. gamé
on October thirty-first. Mr. Smythe is attend-
ing Pratt Institute this year.

 

Rews,

STEVENS CANCELS GAME.

An interesting game of football was slated
to take place between the Stevens and Rutgers
Preparatory School teams at Neilson Field on
Saturday afternoon, October tenth, but the ar-
rangements for same could not be completed
on account of the severe storm just prior to
this date, which kept many of the Stevens play-
ers, who are commuters, from school and, as
the management of the Stevens team did not
think that they could collect a team, they sent
word that they would be compelled to cancel
the game.

 

COLUMBIA GRAMMAR CANCELS
GAME.

The football game that was to have taken
place between Rutgers Preparatory School and
the Columbia Grammar School on Saturday,
October seventeenth, was cancelled because
there was a mistake made on the part of the
Columbia Grammar School management.

They had arranged it so that two games were
to take place on the same day. The other one
being with the Morristown School. Columbia
cancelled the game with Rutgers Preparatory
School and plaved the Morristown School and
were beaten, th: score being twelve to five.

 
 

13

RUTGERS PREP., 6;
PINGRY SCHOOL, o.

On Saturday afternoon, October twenty-
fourth, the Rutgers Preparatory School foot-
ball team went to Elizabeth and there defeated
the Pingry School team, 6 too. It was a clean
hard fought, and stirring contest and our men
deserve great credit for the game they “put
up” and, though slightly outweighed, yet out-
played their opponents by six points. Both
teams were rather weak in defense, but strong
in offense, the Prep. School backs, Fisher, Mil-
ler and C. Nicholas, being very effective. But
no doubt this effectiveness was brought about
in a large measure by the fine work of the line
which time and time again, when the runner
had been tackled, would drag him along for
a good gain. In fact every man on the Prep.
School team played a good game. One of the
features of the game was the punting, both
Wilson, of Pingry, and Fisher, of our own
team, getting off some good punts, but Fisher
had the better of the argument.

Captain Davis, of Pingry, having won the
toss, decided to defend the south goal and at
3.30 P. M. Verdi kicked off to Pingry and the
ball was downed on Pingry’s fifteen yard line.
Then inch by inch she advanced the ball to her
forty yard line where Rutgers Prep. braced and
Wilson punted for Pingry. But Prep. School
could not gain and was forced to punt. Then
Pingry by short rushes carried the ball to Rut-
gers Prep’s fifty yard line only to have our men
take the ball and march on the double quick to
the thirty-five yard line where Cary Nicholas
made one of his sensational hurdle plays and
then a touchdown was only fifteen yards away.
Slowly the ball was carried to the five yard
line where it was first down. But in two at-
tempts Prep. School could only advance two
yards. On the next play C. Nicholas was called
upon to carry the ball through right tackle,
but when he struck Pingry’s line it was solid
as a rock and it seemed as if he would be down-
ed with a loss. But the sight faded away, like
the bad dream that never comes true, as Nicho-

THE ARGO.

las was dragged across the line for a tochdown.
It was certainly a magnificent play. Verdi
kicked an easy goal and the score read: Rut-
gers Prep., 6; Pingry School, o.

Prep. School kicked off to Glasbrook, who
was quickly downed by Fisher’s splendid tack-
le. On several plays Pingry gained about for-
ty yards but at last was forced to kick and soon
after time was called with the ball in Rutgers
Prep’s possession in midfield.

After the ten minutes rest Verdi opened the
second period by kicking off to Pingry and the
ball was brought back about ten yards. Pingry
could not gain and was forced to kick. The
ball was then kept going up and down the field
until Miller broke through Pingry’s line and
ran forty yards for a touchdown, but the score
did not count, as an R. P. S player tripped one
of his opponents. Our team was penalized

twenty yards and as we could not make up the _

distance Pingry secured the ball on downs.
But they were forced to punt and it was Prep.
School’s ball on her own twenty yard line. We
also could not gain so Fisher fell back to punt,
but his attempt was blocked, yet he managed to
fall on it and after two more plays the game
ended with the ball in our possession on the
twenty yard line.

The line was as follows:

Rutgers Prep. Pingry School.

Left End.
Verdl 2 Ais cesisinsiscwines dict aiereineieelne Banker
Left Tackle. *
TIGR si ereistsperesioroumoareeyeecumtiwasaiete oe Earle
Left Guard.
CASO sae: cent ioexaimsewe eawinnees sie Gorman
Centre.
Co. COPD: joe :uo:e:ere:s j0°avesereishnreraiersere Parmley
Right Guard. =
Watsot scscss secces eeay coe co Vanhorne
Right Tackle
Garth wate <:cjs cca sexs cnscwtiwaas Davis
Right End.
Taverner ....ccccccccecccnscscccees West
Quarterback
Lane: bene sce seseees aenrencauss Glasbrook
ee

THE ARGO. 14

Left Halfback.

Ce Nicholas: s excstavanstcvecdices bs Wilson
Right Halfback.
Miller (Woodbridge) ............ Mertains
Fullback.
Fisher, (Capt): s:cnwascweatie scsi chet Miller

Summary—Score: Rutgers Prep., 6; Pin-
gry, 0. Touchdown, C. Nicholas. Goal from
touchdown, Verdi. Time of halves, twenty
minutes. Referee, Mr. Livingston, of Pingry;
umpire, Mr. Reidell, of Cornell University.
‘Vimers, Mr. Norton and Mr. Ferguson, Lines-
men, Turner, of Pingry, and S. Nicholas, of

R. P. S.

RUTGERS PREP., 17;
POLP PREP., o.
On Saturday afternoon, October thirty-first,
the Rutgers Preparatory School football team
added another victory to its list by completely
overwhelming the Brooklyn Poly Preps. to the
tune of 17-0, at Washington Park, Brooklyn.
The most hopeful Prep. School men hardly
dared to believe that their young football
giants would roll up a score exceding six
points. Many, indeed, thought that the Poly
Prep. team would win—but they did not and,
with the exception of the kicking, Rutgers
Prep. outplayed its rival in every department
of the game. Although Poly Prep. outweighed
us considerably, nevertheless the team work of
our players more than offset that deficiency.
For Rutgers Prep. Watson and Fisher aided
very largely in the victory—Watson, especial-
ly, breaking through nearly every time and
whenever the play was anywhere near him
would down the runner for a loss. Miller’s
twenty-five yard run for a touchdown was very
fine, while Fisher’s two touchdowns were bril-
liant. But our backs could not return Brook-
lyn’s fine punts and on one occasion fumbling
nearly cost us a score. The ends were also
weak in getting down the field under punts and
the manner in which Poly Prep. ran back punts
was a caution, But for all that Rutgers Prep.
won easily,
At 3.45 P. M. Poly Prep. kicked off to Verdi

who returned the ball about fifteen yards, In
two plays Rutgers Prep. gained the required
distance. But as the Brooklyn fellows braced
Fisher was forced to punt and the ball was run
back about thirty yards. Poly Prep. quickly
gained first down but Prep. School braced and
her rival was compelled to kick. After an ex-
change of punts Rutgers Prep. slowly worked
the ball to her own fifty yard line where Wat-
son went through Broolklyn’s left wing in cy-
clonic fashion and ran fifty-five yards before
being downed. It was a great run and aided
materially in securing our first score. On the
next two plays Prep. School lost two yards and
it looked as if Poly Prep. would secure the ball
on downs. But on the next play Fisher went
around right end in magnificent style and scor-
ed Rutgers Prep. School’s first touchdown, af-
ter five minutes of play. Verdi kicked a rather
easy goal. Score: Rutgers Prep., 6; Poly
Prep., 0.

Verdi then kicked off to Poly Prep. and the
ball was brought back about twenty yards.
Poly Prep. then slowly advanced the ball to her
forty-five yard line and there was forced to
kick. But Rutgers Prep. was soon compelled
to punt and Brooklyn ran back the kick thirty
yards. Then by a sensational run Poly Prep.
brought the ball to Rutgers Prep’s four yard
line. But Prep. School took a glorious brace
and secured the ball on downs on her own fif-
teen yard line. Then one of the most sensa-
tional plays of the game took place. Fisher
with scarcely any interference raced around
Brooklyn’s left end ninety-five yards for a
touchdown. The way in which he dodged the
Brooklyn players was beautiful. Verdi kicked
an easy goal. Score: Rutgers Prep., 12; Poly
Prep., 0.

On the kickoff the ball was brought back
about twenty yards and Rutgers Prep. began
to gain but at last was forced to punt. As the
defence of the Prep. School team was like a
wall Poly Prep. had to kick. A long dispute
followed over an offside play and at length the
ball was put in play on our fifty yard line, but
after a couple of plays time was called with

 
 

THE ARGO.

15

the score reading: Rutgers Prep., 12; Poly

Prep., 0.

On the kickoff, at the beginning
ond half, the ball was carried back
But as neither side could gain each
At length Prep. School
by inch the ball was
p. braced

of the sec-
twelve

yards.
was forced to punt.
began to gain and inch
carried toward the goal until Poly Pre
and made it appear as if the New Jersey play-
ers would be stopped. But after two downs
Miller by a beautiful trick play dashed around
right end for twenty five yards and a touch-
down. Verdi missed a difficult goal by a very
narrow margin. ‘This ended the scoring.

Score: Rutgers Prep., 173 Poly Prep., 0.

Only three minutes of play was now left and
the ball was kept in Poly Prep’s territory the
whole time. The game ended with the ball in
Poly Prep’s possession on her own twenty yard
line, The lineup and summary follows:

Rutgers Prep. Poly Prep.
Left End.
Neti sccciceaseartiors are ememianisieeeeee Young
Left Tackle.
Allen (Hall) .-.ceeeeeeeee reece Davidson
Left Guard.
CASE cvcicce vis tances esia wate aie oe ene Holmes
Centre.
C. Corbin oo. cs ee ence cece eeeeeceee Froeb
Right Guard
WatsSOn .cseeceeceecetereeeenecenee Evans
Right Tackle.
Carthwaite (F. Corbin) ...+--++++ Sturgis
Right End.
Taverner ..ccsceececreccceeneecceres Gill
Quarterback
Lang ....ceecseeceeeceeeses Schierenbear
Left Halfback.
Miller ....cseeeeceeceeeeseeceeeee Woods
Right Halfback.
C. Nicholas .....---eeeeeeeee Schmelager
Fullback.
Tisher (Capt.) ..+++e+eeers Thayer, (Capt.)

Summary—Score: Rutgers Prep., 17; Poly
Prep., 0. Touchdowns, Fisher, (2) and Mil-
ler. Goals from touchdowns, Verdi (2). Re-

feree, Mr. White. Umpire, Mr. Jennings, ’93.
Timers, Mr. Koehler and Mr. Miils. Linesmen,
Mr. Miller, of Poly Prep., and Mr. Ferguson,
of Rutgers Prep. Time of halves, twenty and

fifteen minutes.

 

EXCHANGES. ‘

The following exchanges have been grate-
fully received: The Iris, The Campus, Vail
Deane Budget, The Targum, The Mirror, The
Review, ‘ihe Pingry Record, The Lealonian,
The Amulet (State Normal School, West
Chester, Pa.), The Breeze (Blair Hall, Blairs-
town, N. J.), The Spectator (Paterson High
School, Paterson, N. J-); The Fortnightly
(Cutler School, New York City), The Specta-
tor (Trenton High School, Trenton, N. J.),
The Triangle (New York University, New
York City), Pennington Seminary Review,
(Pennington, N. J.), The Latin and High
School Review (Cambridge, Mass.), The
Walking Leaf (Cook Academy, Montour Falls

N. Y.).

 

THE FALL EXAMINATIONS.

The annual fall examinations of the entire
school will be held on Monday, November the
thirtieth, and on Tuesday, December the first.
Examinations of the whole school are held
three times a year—usually about the first of
December, March and June. Sixty per cent.
will be required to pass. The schedule of the
examinations, which may be subject to some
slight changes as the faculty may deem need-
ful, will be as follows:
Monday, November thirtieth—

8.30 A. M.—First Period.

11.00 A. M.—Second Period.

2.30 P. M.—Sixth Period.
Tuesday, December first—

8.30 A. M—Third Period.

11.00 A. M.—Fourth Period.

2.30 P. M.—Fifth Period.

 

DECLAMATION.
On Tuesday, October 8, 1903, the first decla-
THE ARGO.

mations of the year were delivered. As is the
custom they will be continued untill some time
in the early part of 1904, when those who have
secured the highest general averages for their
speaking during the year contest for the Lane
Prize of twenty-five dollars. This is divided
into two prizes of fifteen and ten dollars re-
spectively.

The first day of speaking proved rather a
failure, for only two of the speakers were pres-
ent. It is to be hoped that this will not often
happen, for it not only lessens the number of
speeches, and therefore the interest in them,
for that day, but also crowds a great many into
the next day of speaking.

As is his usual custom, Dr. Payson spoke
briefly on the most interesting and most im-
portant topic of the day, also he expressed his
wish that the students would report their
speeches at the appointed time, and be on hand
to deliver them.

THE CADETS.

The Rutgers Prep. Cadets number this year
about the same as usual. Mr. George W. Nutt-
man again has charge and judging from his
work in past years the company should show
the same excellent ability as in former years.
Mr. H. S. Lang is captain; Mr. Andrew Kirk-
patrick is first lieutenant; Mr. Frank T. Cor-
bin is second lieutenant; Mr. C. Corbin is first
sergeant. The other sergeants are Messrs.
Taverner, Watson and Allen. The foregoing
were appointed but the following students pass-
ed the best examinations for corporalships:
Opdyke (first), Lebaw (second), Hancock
(third) and Elmendorf (fourth).

Ritevature,

 

NOVEMBER.
Yet one smile more, departing, distant sun,
One mellow smile through the soft, vaporing
air,
Ere o’er the frozen earth the loud winds run,
Or snows are sifted o’er the meadows

16

bare;

One smile on the brown hills and naked trees;
And the dark rocks whose summer
wreaths are cast.
And the blue gentian flower that in the breeze
Nods lonely, of her beauteous race the last.
Yet a few sunny days, in which the bee
Shall murmur by the hedge that skirts the
way,
The cricket chirp upon the russet lea,
And man delight to linger in the ray.
Yet one rich smile and we will try to bear.
The piercing winter frost and winds and
darkened air,

BRYANT,

 

A NIGHT AMONG THE PINES.

It was late in the afternoon of November
the twenty-fourth, seventeen seventy-nine.
Throughout the whole dreary day, a terrible
storm of wind and rain had been raging over
the rebellious province of New Jersey. Already
gloomy night was falling; deep dusk had set-
tled; black clouds covered the sky.

Norman Rosse, a colonel in the American
army, was journeying through the dismal Pine
Forest, now made doubly cheerless by-the bit-
ter storm. He was mounted on a strong grey
horse, whose usually well groomed coat was
wet and splashed with mud. Rosse’s attire was
that of an ordinary citizen, but beneath his
great coat were strapped two huge pistols—
needful things for every Jerseyman during
those perilous times.

As he pursued his course in the scarcely
traceable path, he doubtless longed for the end
of his weary ride. He was bound for the vil-
lage of Wellton, some hours distant from
where he now was. There he would be once
more in the midst of his regiment, amongst the
men he loved, whose cause was his and that of
every true Yankee.

Suddenly, as he was journeying through the
storm, he came upon a large clearing, in the
midst of which loomed up before him a huge
and apparently deserted house. In the dim
light of the departing day, he saw that though
THE ARGO.

17

the building was fast going to pieces, through
age and long neglect, yet here he could find
shelter for himself and for his steed through
the night.

The front door was but one step above the
ground, so he led his horse right in and tether-
ed him to the banister. With some difficulty,
Rosse succeded in igniting with his clumsy
flint and steel, the wick of a small lantern
which he carried. On his right as he stood in
the broad hall were a number of small rooms ;
before him was the great staircase. On his
left was a long and once magnificent dining
room. All around were signs of ruin and de-
cay, showing that the lonely mansion had not
been occupied for many years.

Our traveller was not long in folding his
great coat about him and laying himself down
in a corner of the long room. Soon he was
sound asleep, forgetful alike of the storm with-
out and the eeriness within.

As the night wore on, the storm rose higher
and higher around the solitary eves. The
wind howled a wild accompaniment to the
dreary tune played by the descending torrents
against the weather-beaten walls.

Norman Rosse was sleeping on, too tired to
dream, when he was suddenly awakened by the
snorting of his horse, and the sound of hoofs
violently kicking the floor in the hall without.
Startled and alarmed he rushed, pistol in hand,
toward the sound, stumbling over something,
he knew not what. Striking a spark from his
flint, he saw by the flash of the blazing tow,
his horse dash through the open doorway and
disappear in the darkness of the storm. In an
instant the light was gone. Groping his way to
the door, he stared out into the dense black-
ness. Nothing could he see; and no sound
could he hear save the roar of the tempest and
the steady fall of the rain.

Stunned and bewildered, he turned toward
the room he had just left. He again endeavor-
ed to strike a light, but—strange and unnatural
thing—the flint melted into water and dripped
through his fingers upon the floor. Then, in
the space of a second, the huge dining room

seemed strangely lit up, showing every detail.
Not in ruinous decay as he had seen it before,
but arrayed in gorgeous splendor. Beautiful
tapestries covered the walls, and over the floor
lay exquisitely wrought rugs. Instead of a
heap of rubbish in the middle of the room, was
a long table, draped in snowy linen and weight-
ed down with shining silver and glittering gold
plate. Chairs of elaborate carving surrounded
it. And yet all seemed unreal, for through it
all the awe stricken beholder could see the dim
outline of the decaying walls. A fierce fire was
blazing on the broad hearth, sending a glow of
red light into the farthest corners of the long
room, yet it seemed false and unnatural be-
cause there came no hearty sound of crackling
from the burning logs.

Norman Rosse stood spell-bound. As he
looked he beheld the shadowy and transparent
forms of graceful women and stalwart men,
clad in the fashions of fifty years before, troop
down the broad staircase, past him through
the doorway, and seat themselves around the
table. They seemed unable to see him. And
there was ever a deathly stillness, broken only
by the doleful sounds of the tempest without.

On went the ghostly banquet, until, brave as
he was, the young soldier felt a creeping chill
of awful fear upon him as with starting eyes
he gazed upon the fantastical scene. Phantom
servants, gliding to and fro, tended the weird
banquet. The feasters seemed to drink and to
eat. The pallid hostess, with a sickly smile,
seemed to chat with her wan guests, and their
ghastly lips moved as in reply. But still there
came no sound.

At the head of the table sat the transparent
form of an elderly gentleman, evidently the
host, who seemed seldom to address any of his
companions. Constantly he preserved an air
of thoughtful silence. As Norman looked he
beheld another figure that, crouching, crept,
crept, crept up stealthly back of the old man’s
chair. The figure was that of a man of thirty,
his face marred by evil passions. On he
crept unnoticed by all but the eager watcher in
the doorway. He was close to the head of the

 
 

THE ARGO,

table. The lurid light from the fire in the grate
gleamed on the broad blade of a knife in his
hand. Now he raised his arm to strike, when
Norman Rosse, forgetting everything save that
, murder was about to be committed, sprang
with a ringing cry into the room. In an in-
stant some invisible and supernatural power
seemed to hold him motionless. Then a deaf-
ening peal like as of thunder burst upon his
ears. The room flashed up in a great red blaze.
This was succeeded by utter darkness. Now
he felt himself lifted up higher, higher, higher ;
then dashed down with terrific force.

koe OR OK Rk OK RF RK KR RO

The darkness seemed lighting. He thrust
out his hand to break his fall and touched—
damp grass. He was under the open sky, and
there, a few yards distant, stood his horse un-
tethered, peacefully grazing in the early morn-
ing sunlight. He looked about him for the old
house. Here was the clearing among the pines;
but no building, only a few crumbling logs
among the tall weeds and the underbrush.

Thoughtfully Norman Rosse mounted his
horse and rode away from the scene of his
night’s horrors. The weather had cleared dur-
ing the night, and the air was clear and balmy.
And the sun, rising over the trees, tinged the
darkly azure sky with pink, and sent a ray of
golden light into the pale face of the traveller.

SHAUN AND L,. R. N.

 

Runexr Metes,

 

OYSTERING,

The largest natural oyster beds are in the
States of Virginia and Maryland. These are
the public lands, where any one with a license

18

a ges may be used. Outside of
these limits the bottoms are rented to peoplé
at one dollar an acre for twenty years. Two
hundred and fifty acres is the largest amount
rented to one person.

Like any other crop, oysters are planted, cul-
tivated and harvested. The reaping machines
are either tongs, hand or steam dredges. The
seed of the oyster varies in size from a dime
to a silver dollar. The seed is shoveled over-
board as the vessel sails back and forth over
the field to be planted. Four to five hundred
bushels are planted on an acre.

Oysters are ready for market when about
two years old. Some are not gathered until
three or four years old. After the oysters of
the farm have been gathered, the ground is
allowed to rest for a year.

The oyster season is during the months hav-
ing “r” in their names. In this season the
waters are covered with oyster boats, The
owners of small boats use huge pinchers, At
the lower end of the pinchers are strong iron
teeth, that hold the oysters in their grasp.

On the larger boats dredges are used, one on
each side. These are dragged over the bottom
at the end of arope. The other end is fastened
to a drum that is turned by a crank on deck.

The most powerful steam dredge is able to
gather about six hundred bushels in three of
four hours. With a hand dredge from fifty to
four hundred bushels can be taken in a day.
Tongers can catch from fifteen to seventy-five
bushels in the same time.

The largest steam dredge in Hampton Roads
is owned by Mr. Frank W. Darling, of Hamp-
ton. It has a crew of twelve men, and is able
a load of one thousand three hundred

”

to carry
bushels.
The steamer moves slowly over the bed that
Iv

is being worked. The dredges are lowered,
first on one side, then on the other. The
dredges are then brought to the surface and
dumped. After the boat is loaded they head
for the packers’ wharf.

The oysters are shoveled into wheelbarrows
and are carried to the shucking room. In the
shucking room are long rows of negro men
standing before stalls. The oysters are dumped
into the stalls and the men open them with
strong knives.

Good shuckers can open from twelve to
twenty gallons a day. They are paid nineteen
cents a gallon and earn from eight to fifteen
dollars a week. The largest in Hampton,
Mr. Darling’s, opens from one hundred to

THE ARGO.

two hundred thousand bushels in a year. In
this house as the men open the oysters they
drop the shells on an inclined plane. The
shells slide into a trough and are carried along
by means of a chain to a pile in the yard.
When a shucker fills his gallon measure he
carries it to the strainer. Here the oysters are
strained and measured. They are then emptied
into large casks kept full of fresh water. Any
loose shell or grit is washed out. They are
then dipped into a second strainer, which sep-
arates them from the water. They are measured
again, then packed into twenty-five-gallon
packing barrels and are shipped to Baltimore

and Northern markets.
: C. Van Santvoorp Knox.

 

 

OUR ADVERTISERS.

The following is a list of our advertisers. Each
and every one can be honestly recommended to
Rutgers Prep. School Students. Subscribers will
confer a great favor upon the management by
mentioning THE ARGO when patronizing these

firms.
. PAGE

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
  

W. H. Cooper, Shoes..... .
Times Publishing Co ....+es«.
Harding & Mansfield, Shoes......
Pp. J. Young Dry Goods Co......
T. C. Hageman, Clothier.........
Stewart’s Haberdashery .....-.e0-
W. R. Reed, Stationery .... °

O. O. Stillman, Jeweler....
I. S. Van Deveer, Photographe!
D. Cupoli & Co., Bootblack....

L. Volkert, Tailor .........

Lyons & Parker, Clothiers ......-..seeeeeeees iol
Jacob Weber, Tailor ....... geewietee LL
Randolph Studio ..........

B. U. Tapken, Jeweler .......-.+-

P. WU. Suydam, Grocer ..
F. Bruns, Confectioner .....
W. J. Seng, Shoes ....eeseeeeene .
Graham & McCormick, Caterers.....+-+++
New York Confectionery .......... oreeee
htutgers College ceees
Witliams & Mettlar, Poultry News...

  

    
 
 
 
  
 

Bissett. Drugs ...... boise vecccccecedscsecccuves Vv
Cc. Tamm, Stationery .. we
L. H. Leitheiser, Barber . wave
Seiffert Bros., Stationery ......eeeeeaseeseceass Vv

Hughes, Laundry
Ww. J. McDede, Livery
Rutgers Preparatory School .....

RUTGERS COLLEGE:

AND

Rutgers Scientific School.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT.

Is Broad and Thorough,

and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum, affords
unusual facilities tor Klective Courses_throughout the
Junior and Senior years in Latin, Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy, Physics.
Chemistry and Biology.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

is the New Jersey State Col -
tare and the See janie be Coleg for the benefit of Agricul
ere are five fu egreo
in eee © courses, each leading to the first d
1, A Course In Agriculture.
A Course in Civil Engineering and M chanics.
A Course in Chemistry.
A Course in Electricity.
A Course in Biology.

THE PLAN OF
COLLEGE EXTENSION.

has been enlarged. Additional courses of lecturesin various
branches of science and literature are offered and will be
fiven Enrouehaut eb ereey at_such centres as may
rith e Secre y
Prot! nis Bevier, i ary 0! the Extension Department,
‘or catalogues and oth ress
8. UPON Hexietrar, other information, add IRVING
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

2.
38.
4.
5.

 

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.
THE ARGO. v

POULTRY NEWS
25 CENTS A YEAR

Illustrated, up-to-date, original.
departments for pigeons and bees.

Published By

WILLIAMS & METLAR,

P. O. Box 13

Has special

New Brunswick, New Jersey

Food for Students.
Good for their Brains and Muscle..

At TAMN’S,
Books. Stationery and Sporting Goods

62 DENNIS STREET

GO=TO os as

SHIFFERT BROS.

For Stationery, Books, Photo and
Sporting Goods.

50 DENNIS STREET.

 

RUTCERS STABLES, 23 to 29 E

 

Delicious Milk Shakes

AND ICE CREAM
sew ee Wrerere

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE,
Ageney for Huyler’s Candies,
General Chemist.
George and Washington Street
LOUIS LEITHEISER,

Barber and Hair Dresser

117 Albany St,
New Jersey.

Cor.

New Brunswick,

AUGHES LAUNDRY,
80 CHURCH ST.

Special rates for students,

 

Prompt and Efficient.
R. W, HUGHES, Proprietor.

Grand Central Stables and Automobile Station
68 and 70 Albany St.

 

When patronizing owr advertisers, please do not neglect to mention The Argo.
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
FOUNDED 1766.

Tere se rere se

INSTRUC TORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ALBERT P. MILLS, A. B., Greek and English Master.
ERNEST H, RIEDELL, A. B., Latin Master.
AUSTIN W. SCOTT, A. B., Mathematics.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS M. EMILY BILES, A. B., German and English,
MISS SARAH F. CARY, A. B., French and History.

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,

MISS MARY GREGG, }tastructors

For particulars address

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head-Master,

New Brounswi0s, N. J.

 
