 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
     
 

Editorials......scsccecseserccessrscceravesevecsessees
ight at Monument. Square.,.....
Is the Marking System a Farce?......-.sseeee
VE Mit Keg nsincse tubiednes .
De Natura...
Elegiacs ...
Carpe Diem
The Glee Club
Base Ball. ... cose sesteers Fos
Prayer of Mary of Scotland.,
In Cruce Salus. ... .....
New York vs. New Jerse
Primary Column.... ..
Later Victories.......
Personals. .......
Exchanges ..0. eves bees vesses soeer ye ae
Squeaks ..0. eeeeeee tester cease cele sig en,

 
 

  
   
 
 
 
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
    

   
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Neckwear

secial feature. Elegant and Stylish, always in Stock
) bck

tJ. *
fiats.

yby Styles for Young Men a §]

At low Oe

U \ DERW EAR- The only first-class $2 Derby in the city,

No. 29 OHURCH STRE E'T.

“THE ~ FREDONIAN RUTGERS
% Publishing « House, PHARMGdcy,

Opposite Rutgers College
Grammar School.

}EDW. D. PALMER,

DRUGGIST.

New and Nob

qo and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR

FIRST - ee PRINTING.

 

 

7 ic. : " :
The Fredonian Publishing Company. “Merchant Tailors J.
————-— ‘vile tienrel / vor
WM. E. EDMUNDS. /. o

“yas. P. SMITH.

 

 

 

SMITH & EDMONDS, AnD ay
= Matters and Men’s Qutfitters, k- colin L/
Cor. Church and Neilson Sts , New Brunswick, vy Ge / A
tt ae ronal te ae me Renta 2 * ae sl Sc Boar we / ATH erie

Of ever,

CORNELIUS HOAGLAND’
Reliable -- Foot-Wear Sint’ Woksior, | ray “G00DS
5 dencription, fro m the medium to the finest | 380 GEORGE STREET, A SPECIALTY.

Ath i tie, Walking and Dresa Shoes. 1 Pateson Block.

=k HEADQUART ERS a oe

WILLIAM J. SENG, | ron — JOHN 4. WHITTAKER,

BOOT AND SHOE DEALER | School Supplies of all Kinds. sc
POCKET Roose. eee POL ee FINE TEAS, COFFEES AND SPICES,

PENS, FANCY GOODS, PICTURES .
The Only Place for Fine Hand Sewed Work. AND FRAMES, GAMES AND | Also General Groceries,

48 &50 EASTON AVE. | NOVELTIES

-18-—

Custom Work and Repairing specialty.

Cor. Hamilton and Division Streets.

New York, Oct. rst, 1890.

Honest Fall Overcoats for as little as ten dollars ; but the range
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25. We sell many at
even higher prices.

If a low-priced coat has silk trimmings, either the cloth or the
silk, or both, are apt to be inferior. Our medium priced overcoats
are built in the most substantial manner. We use silk sleeves,
: facings or linings only in the better grades, where the price justi-

uh— fies the cost of good stuff inside and out.

S
: Woy —— Autumn Suits are like wise ready.
— $2 Free delivery to ne hnpdreé 4 miles of New York City. TU Ines E

— Prince,
a ROGERS, PEEL & CO. reese | Maes.

 

 

 

 

 
OHE

—=:

Vor. Il. NEW BRUN;

The Argo:

BLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, BY THE

Preparatary School,

PU

No. &

New Brunswick, N, J., May, 1891,

ROARD OF BE Drrors:
C. W. GULICK, "ot, J. P. STOUT, ’91.
Senior Editors,
IN. ENYARD, 92, J. , JENNINGS, "92,
Associate Kditors,

A. SCHUYLER CLARK, ‘91, R. K, PAINTER, °91,

Business Managers,

F. JOMANKNECHT, ‘91,

  

One copy, one ye ar, seventy-five cents.
All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
C. W. Guuiiex. New Brunswick, N.J.,and must be accompanied

with the name of the author,
as number of THe ARGo is the last that. will
will be issued under the present Board of
Editors. With the June number the class of ‘92
takes charge of the paper, the semior editors being
elected from that class. As we, the present edi-
tors, make our parting bow, we wish to thank the
school for the kindness it has shown us in bearing
with our blunders and in affording us aid in various
ways, pecuniarily in particular. ‘The advertisers
and other friends must also be assured of our grat-
itude for their assistance, and our special thanks
are due Prof. Cummings for his advice and aid,
granted so cheerfully at all times, as well as for
other favors which have been partly recognized
before. Our wish for THE ArGo is that it may be
more prosperous next year under ‘92's care than it
has been during this, and that it may become more
interesting and more nearly what a perfect school

paper should be.

N May rsth a “general school election was
held for choosing the next board of editors

and the business managers for the following year.
The election was decidedly lively, and by its spirit
showed the interest felt by the schoo] in THE

D>.
“ay

oi

)

SWICK, N. J., MAY, 1891,

|

FIR GO,

No. 8.

—

ARGO’S. welfare.
Senior editor
editor for

Those elected were Collier,
for a year; Enyard, senior
half a year; Scudder and John-
Son junior editors for. one quarter ; Schneider,
Y. M. C. A. editor for a year; English and Suy-
dam_ business managers for a year. Of these
Collier and Enyard have already served as junior
editors and have well shown their fitness for the
positions they will occupy. The others elected
are alsc fellows who we think are the best selec-
tions possible. To these, our successors, we give
our most cordial good wishes, hoping that they may
profit by our mistakes and be able to make the
THE ARGo all we can desire it to be. We ask for
them from the school the satne kindness and co-
operation that has been shown us, and if this is
heartily given we know that THE ARco will flour-

ish under its new management.
Glee our base-ball team has not made as
brilliant a record as our foot-ball team did,
yet we hope that they may continue after the
fashion of the Peddie game. They have met
teams which have been considerably heavier than
those the foot-ball team met. and, although they
have been defeated in three out of four games,
yet we hope that now, that they have gained a
victory, they may-not go back, but in future may

win against any team they may play.
may be well to sum up what has been done
in and for this paper during our administra-
tion. Misi nostram buccinam inflabimus, nemo
inflabit, as says the Latin poet. In the first place
the principle that a school paper should be original
has been adhered to as strictly as was practical,
only one short article having been copied, so far
as we know. The personals and “ squeaks,” al-
though not all they should be, have increased in
number and are more interesting. Best of all,
THE ARGO received the gift of a plate for printing
the new cover, and, with a slight change in shape,
 

 

The
66

active form. A
rticles—Mmore
a“ squeaks "—has been
nd promises to be #
importance
al effort
able

was able to appeal in a more attr
box for receiving contrib
especially personals and
placed in the school room 4 ;
great success. Last, but second In 1
only to the new Cover, through 4 spect
made to secure more subscriptions, we were

to add an extra sheet to the papel:

utions of 4

e have access

I’ is our boast as 4 schoo! that Ww’ :
to the college library, and indeed that 1S a

boast worth making. In that way We need not
feel ashamed of a very small library 19 our own

building, as few preparatory schools have access
ection of bodks as we through

Our own library has no
necessity of being large, put should be thoroughly
supplied with what we need upon the spot. It
does little good to’ know that we can find certain
information in the college library when we wish
that information at once and have not the time
to go out of the building. It is our wish that this
necessity may be supplied, and suggest to any one
aid us that no more acceptable gift
could be bestowed upon us than some good books
of reference, one or two sets of cyclopedias, and
some of the standard works on American, Eng
lish and classic literature which are sadly needed

on our book shelves.

LIGHT AT MONUMENT

SQUARE.
ous is my third year in the “ Trap” and con-

sequently my third in New Brunswick. In
these three years, especially since I am a Jerseyan
any way, my attachment for this old town has
grown strong, and I look with pride at any im-
provement made init.

I know more about New Brunswick, I dare say,
than do many of her own citizens. I know where
the city park is, and that is more than most New
Brunswickers do. I can tell what houses have
gone up In the last three.years, what streets are
paved and the number of streets macadamized
with how long the latter have been finished. I
ore | alle wens au lots of times, and

a now how many New

to such a fine coll
the college library.

desiring to

 

THE NEW

Argo-

———_—_—_—_—_|

 

ickers have ever seen the source of the:
r supply. I can even tell how fat
ed in the Sixth Ward, but don't -
to for fear that I shall be accused of yarning. are
I think [ have shown conclusively my inter
ove for old New Brunswick, and shall sea
he surprise the good people of this
for me when I returned after

Brunsw
city's wate
oats are own

in and |
tell about t
city had in store

Faster vacation.
Monday evening, April 6th, one of the fellows

and I were walking about town after the manne
of boys who have just got back from a good Fiat

at home and who don’t care at all how the next
day's lessons may go-

We walked down Church
street and back and then started out George
street. Passing Bayard street we noticed an a
and unwonted light ahead, and in another mo.
ment we saw that an electric light had been raised
at the George street and Livingston avenue corner
of Monument Square. The sight was imposing
There on a pole—yes, a pole at least twenty feet
high—was a real, live Brush electric light—it makes
the third owned by the city.

What in the world could have ailed the City
Fathers? Was it that the Soldiers’ Monument had
at last been secured and they wished to display it?
No, for only the poor, lonely base was there sur.
rounded, as usual, by stones and brush. Was it
possible that the macadamizing of Livingston
avenue had at last been finished, and they wished
to have the remarkable achievement seen even at
night ? No, for the avenue was still unfinished
Had they discovered some beauty in the facade of
the Liberty Street Methodist Church as seen by
electric light ? Hardly, for it was even uglier by
artificial than by natural light.

And ob, wonder of wonder of wonders ! they had
left the gas lamp which the pole had _ supplanted
and the gas was lit!) What could it mean! Had
some of the boodle which had been taken away by
the boodlers in former years been restored, and
had the city voted this pole and light as a means of
showing their thankfulness ? Kither oil had been
struck in some way or the city was getting more
reckless than of old, and we might even expect t0
have gas light in the time of full moon! Poss
bly they wanted a light near the station house
The Argo.

bright enough to show it so plainly that the police
force might not get lost. Or another possibility
was that the City Fathers were superstitious and
did not like the idea of ¢Airfeen carbon lights
in town—there were eleven in stores beside the
two owned by the city.

I made up my mind then and there to ask the
Mayor about it on the following day, but, possibly
as a visitation for my undue inquisitiveness, I was
laid up with a cold, and, taking the warning, I have
let the matter rest and merely ask now in this way
for information, if any one can give it to me.

Tau Ramp.

IS THE MARKING SYSTEM A FARCE?

Or all the different systems of marking used in

our schools and colleges for the purpose of
ascertaining a student’s standing in any one sub-
ject, the one most harmful to the student, and
which gives the greatest temptation to cheat,
is the one in which the instructor has
a small book containing the names of
the members of the class. As each student
recites the instructor places opposite his
name the mark, which in his judgment, the student
has merited by the translation of one or two sen-
tences from a page of Latin or Greek, upon which
he has spent two or three hours of hard, honest
work, And if, perchance, one or two of the words
in this sentence has slipped his mind for the
moment, as strange words are apt to do when we
want to use them, he is given a mark of 45 per
cent. or 50 per cent. in payment for his whole
evening’s work. Perhaps it is a Geometry propo-
sition of which he has forgotten a portion of the
proof, and consequently he is marked 50 per cent.
oa a lesson of ten propositions, nine of which he
understands. Is this just? No; decidedly no;
there is nothing just about it.

When a student goes into the class room and
sees his classmate called upon to translate the
only sentence in the whole lesson that he knows,
and receive a mark of 85 per cent., and he is
called upon to translate the only sentence in the
lesson that he doesn’t know, and receives a mark
of 65 per cent., he feels that he has been treated
unjustly and that his labor has been for nothing,

67

and, if he is a fellow that is a little weak morally,
it is not long before he goes into class with his
Geom. propositions on his cuff, and a translation
for his Latin and Greek.

I have attended several schools and acadamies
as a student, where no marking system for daily
work was used, and altogether I have never seen
one third the dishonest work that I have seen in
two years’ attendance at a school in which this
system is in vogue.

As the mark terms usually counts two-thirds
upon the examination papers, how easy it is for
one of the class of “now working students,” by
the aid of a “pony” and “skinning,” to keep up
term marks and then pass a miserably poor exami-
nation on subjects he doesn’t know anything, or
but very little, about and get through his year’s
work with a very good average mark, while on the
other hand the honest, working student can hardly
get a passing mark, since he has to contend with
the “ponied” translation of his classmate.

The majority of students where this system is
used are studying for what marks they get—not
for what they learn. .

This bug-bear causes more contention among
the students and between the students and in-
structors than anything else in school life.

The comparison which each student's work. has
with that of the rest of the class depends altogether
on the judgment of the instructor in marking, and if
he happens to be a man mean enough to be prej-
udiced by his likes and dishkes, as I am sorry to
say some instructors are, some certain ones in his
classes will always stand high, while others doing
the same work are low.

Thave in mind at present a close marking pro-
fessor, who seemed to wreak his vengeance upon
certain students by cutting down their marks, and
consequently he stood very low in the estimation
of the best students in the school.

Then does anyone say that when the term
marks depend not upon what you do, but upon
what you pretend to do, and upon the partial
judgment and prejudices of one man, the marking
system is not afarce? Itis a farce, and abig one, and
one of the biggest bug-bears and greatest annoy-
ances of a student's life, JupGE.

sisal ae. ll

 
The Argo.

68

y. M.C.A.
ORLD FOR CHRIST.

THE W'
June

“THE YOUNG MEN OF
the subjects for the

The following are
prayer meetings:

Wednesday, June 3—Subject,
Rule.” Leader, F. W. Johanknecht.

Friday, June 5 -~ Subject, “ The
Leader, J. P. Stout.

Wednesday, June yo—Subject,
Leader, J. H. Seeberger:

«The Golden
Future.”
« Whither shall

we go?”
THE STUDENT VOLUNTEER MOVE-
MENT.

udent Missionary uprising h

1886, at the Mt. Her-

tudents. About two

at the invita-

eeks in the

HE American St ad

its beginning in July,

mon conference of college s
hundred and fifty had come together

tion of Mr. Moody to spend a few w
study of the Bible. Some time passed before the

subject of missions was even mentioned. But one
an from Princeton had come with the

young m
1 would call a few at

deep conviction that Goc
least out of that large gathering who would conse-

crate themselves to the foreign field. At an early
day he called together all who were thinking
seriously of spendiug their lives in the foreign ser-
vice. Twenty-one students answered the call,
although all of them had not definitely decided.
This little band began to pray that the spirit of
missions might pervade the conference, and that

many more might be called to this great work.
On the evening of July 16 a special mass meet-
ing was held, which was addressed by Rev. A. T.
Pierson on the all important subject of missions.
He argued that “all should go and go to all”
This was the keynote that set many men to think.
ing and praying. A week passed, and then on
Saturday, July 24, a meeting—afterwards called
the “meeting of the ten nations "—was held. It
eee ii a in India,
ferent nationalities. The jcc menor ae
consisted of appeals for ee om oe SE
close each speaker re elec Mt the
peated in the language of his

country the words “ God is love.”

From this night on to the close of the conyen-

 

tion the missionary spirit grew more 4
tense. One by one the men alone 7 Mo
or rooms fought out the battle with “ae Wooes
led to forsake all and carry the Gospel ai Wete
uttermost parts of the earth.” Dr, Ag 7
had just returned from China, added aren :
by his burning appeal to look upon « hn the fame
war of conquest and not as mere wre rai asa
ditions. In the eight days elapsing = ing
« meeting of the ten nations ” and the i
conference the number of volunteers incres
twenty-one to exactly one hundred,
the remaining one hundred and fifty del
came volunteers after months of study a
On the last day of the conference a mee;
held at which they decided that the v8 mat
spirit which had pervaded the con fetanae
be communicated to students through, Should
Union. They believed that the Hénscnp gies the
influenced the students at Mt. Hermon had
move hundreds of other students through would
country. Accordingly a deputation ss _ the
to visit among the different colleges eae
the United States. This deputation aus
faithfully that at the end of the year two thou :
two hundred volurteers were pledged. sen
afterward a committee was appointed to sii
the movement. —
After much thought and prayer the committ
decided that the movement should be ves
to students, and consequently it was called the
“ Student Volunteer Movement.” An executive
committee was appointed to devise and execute
plans for developing the movement wherever it
exists and to extending it to where it has not been
felt. There is also an Advisory Committee of
seven persons. The Executive Committee has
decided to have a corresponding member in every
State and province in which the movement hs
been sufficiently introduced to insure its perm
nency. ‘There is also a traveling secretary, who

re in

EXDe.
een the
Se Of the
Sed from
Severaj of
Cgates he,
nd Prayer

touches at the principal colleges in every Su
The work in a State consists not only in arousing
more interest in the colleges and seminaries, bul
also in quickening the missionary spirit the
churches by means of visits from volunteets

Those who have the time or fitness {or
The Argo.

work spend all or a part of their vacations in visit-
Ing churches. A young man who is himself going
in a foreign field has a great deal of power over a
congregation. The movement has far outgrown
the expectations of its nearest friends. Even Dr,
Pierson did not expect more than one thousand
volunteers from the American colleges. To-day
there are nearly six thousand preparing for the
foreign work. ‘ The evangelization of the world
in this generation ” is the watch cry of the Volun-
teer Movement, and, to accomplish this, all who
have volunteered are needed and many more be-
side. Mr. Wishard writes from Japan that twenty
thousand men are wanted there before 1900 in
order to keep pace with the inroads of infidelity.
Dr, Chamberlain appeals for five thousand mis-
sionaries for India during this century. At a very
moderate estimate at least twenty thousand men
are needed to preach the Gospel to every creature
within this generation.

May the Volunteer Movement go on increasing
in numbers and power until its influence shall be
felt even to the very “uttermost parts of the
earth.”

DE NATURA.

“«To him who in the love of Nature holds
Communion with her visible forms she speaks
A various language. * * * From all around—
Earth and her waters and the depths of air—
Comes a still voice.”
yume, 5-00 P. M.; day, May 9, 1891; compan-
ions, none. Slowly I wend my way from
the haunts of men to those of “ coot and hern.”

The sun is slowly setting behind the distant
hills, bathing the earth with that mellow tint of
crimson so coveted by artists of the brush and
palette, not alone by those of the present day, but
by such old masters as Rubens, Angelo and Titian
also.

In the distance come two children carrying huge
bundles of fagots on their backs, making a “ faire
picture indeed” with the back ground of purple
red.

In the brook at my right two robins are bathing
and playing in the babbling waters, unheedful of
my proximity to them. Now they fly to yon wild
cherry tree, all radient in its spring: tide vesture of

|

69

snowy whiteness, and now back to their eveniag’s
baths

Now and then a fish, whese hunger has not yet
been appeased, jumps up out of the water for a
passing fly, falls back with a dull thud, the waters
close rapidly over him, the ripples cease, and
quietness reigns supreme.

Passing over the brook on a bridge of stones,
that, probably, the dairy maid has had placed there
for her own convenience, I wandered up through
the Russy’s ravine, which gives bedding for «n-
other brook, smaller, but a more reckless, laughing
and romping one than the first.

The dark banks of the ravine, with the brilliant
sunset glittering through the masses of leaves, a
distant whip-poor-will’s plaintive call and the
splashing of the brooklet over the stones causes
the following words of Whittier’s to come to my
mind:

‘«And still the water sang the sweet,
Glad song that stirred its gliding fees,
And found in rock and root the keys
Of its beguiling melodies.”

On either side of me flowers peep up, some
with heads nodding a * glad good night,” others
trailing as though on their knees like devout Mo-
hammedans at sunset.

Higher up on the bank, keeping watch over
their lowly situated sisters, the majestic colum-
bine, aguilegia Canadensis, reigns in glory; there
on its left sways the bellwort, wvudaria grandi-
flora, tolling the “knell of the departing day.”

Passing on out of this Paradise,’I see two girls
(of the earth, earthy) sketching the woodland’s
beauty at sunset.

Once again the whip-poor-will’s realistic threat
is heard, this time almost directly overhead, dis-
turbing Nature’s solitude.

Seating myself on a tree hard by that some

sturdy woodman has felled across the brook, I sit
and contemplate the wonders and greatness of
Nature, and am overwhelmed by the emptiness, in
comparison, of the works of man.

DaniEL Morrison.

ELEGIACS.
Hiding its beauty beneath the fallen leaves om the hill-side,
Arbutus, sweetest of flowers, waits for the loving searvh.

So, underneath Society’s hollow shams and conventions,
Lies unrevealed the Soul, only responsive to Love.
The Argo

7° ee ; ;

CARPE DIEM.

4. Xl
PARAPHRASE OF HORACE, LIB. Jy CARM «
Why dost thou ever vainly strive to know

How long for thee the lamp of life s| -
The wind of Fate doth, never-shifting, >

Stygi m,
All vessels to that one dark Stygiar strea

better far to bear

he gods assign
be days foul or fair,
rejoice in wine.

Sure, it is nobler,
Whatever destiny ¢
Endure with patience,
Rejoice 19 youthful loves,

Look not to past or future for thy joy, ,
sut snatch thy pleasure from each pass!B

i yr eli destroy.
For Mournful Age will all delights -
The Hours with swift-winged feet bear youth —_

day 5

THE GLEE CLUB.
pee Glee Club has been prosperous dunng
the past year. Three times we have sung by
At Hope Mission in December, at the

in March, and at the Y.
We were

request :
Y Mission entertainment
w. C. T. U. anniversary this month.
all these places and derived much

gained, even if our treas-
We also had

well received at
benefit in the confidence
ury was not filled by this means.
proposals to sing
the small profit we would have made,
efforts not worth making.

The fellows are somewhat inclined to laugh at
us, saying that we can sing nothing but “ Onward
Marching” and a few other pieces which have be-
come old to them from having heard us practice
them ‘So often. We think the school has been
benefited by our morning rehearsal at which they
make fun. By it the fellows have become familiar
with our pieces, and though that may make them
seem stale when ze sing them, yet when the boys
now want to sing they have something beside the
old regulation college songs. We are sure this
fact was appreciated at Peddie Institute and also
at the one serenade we have ventured in town.

After the game with Peddie, while the fellows
were waiting on the campus for the stages, what
did theysing? Why the Glee Club pieces with
at ee eee

M e pieces to be sung with an
expression usually lacking when a lot of bo
together and sing. The singing w: woys get

ging was certainly very

judged the

out of town, but on account of

|
|

good, and there were a number of comp);
heard upon it, beside the evident enjoymee
more gratifying to. the boys—the Instit ent.

The Glee Club ought to have ii
atge

to Us,
by im.

showed.
share of any credit thus deserved, it seems

We have shown our interest in our work
posing 4 fine of ten cents for absence from :
afternoon rehearsal. Any one who kno Friday
value of a dime to 4 school-boy and the = the
of his obtaining it will appreciate what thie
By this plan more regularity has been seca
over five dollars have been raised. This } a and
used in buying some sheet music. S has been

We are now at work on music for com
ment. This will be entirely new, and if mence.
it as well as we have at some of our rehean, Sing
think we will be able to effectually sile Sals we
musical friends, the critics, and prove that nie Our
sing something besides chestnuts, and hi can
have at least a little music in us, Sidon We

 

BASE BALL.

Be our base-ball team has gained q y;
tory! On the gth of May they met <
from Peddie Institute, and after a hard and ——
contested game, at last wrested victory a
Peddie boys by a score of 9 to 4. _“
Four match games have been pl. i
L played th
With Pingry, at Elizabeth ; Troquois on
Point ; Princeton Preps., at Patestans a pe
die Institute, at Hightstown. The te -
feated in the first three ictori 4
al panne and victorious in the
A number of games have be
; en arr
future dates, in which we hope the boys es .
well as they did in the last. ia
Nearly all the fellows of the foot-ball and base
ball teams will graduate this year, English Sul
der and Enyard being the only fellows na é
base-ball team who will be left in the school
Out of nine fellows on the base-ball mi five
‘ ere on the foot-ball team, a thing which very sel
nit — in any school or college. They ar
ills, Geo. Ludl yck, V. :
icant ow, Van Dyck, Van Slyke ani
Our school has been stronger in athletics ths
year than any year since 1887, and we hope tli!
The Argo. 71

it may continue to grow in strength and at no dis
tant date may stand at the head of Prep. schools
in New Jersey, both in scholarship and athletics,

George Deshler, one of the best players on the
college nine, is in our school this year, and this is
the first time in several years that any Prep. School
fellow has played on the college nine.

Not having grounds of our own makes it pretty
hard for us to get games in the city, as we have to
arrange them for dates when the college does not
play. And now, since the City Council has passed
the ordinance prohibiting ball playing on enclosed
grounds or charging admittance, it makes it doubly
hard for us, as the expenses have to come on each
fellow individually, while heretofore we could take
in enough gate money to pay our expenses and
have something over. Our own grounds are in no
condition to play a match game on, being in the
first place too small and in the second altogether
too rough and uneven.

This year the fellows have fitted themselves out
with mask, mit and chest protector, bats, balls and
suits and have paid their own expenses wherever
they went, without the aid of the college or Prep.
School, the whole expense being between $50 and
$60. The boys think that it would be only just
to have one half of the expenses paid by the Prep.
School.

The base-ball team is as follows: Catcher,
Enyard, Capt.; pitcher, Deshler; rst base, Geo.
Ludlow ; 2nd base, Van Dyck; short stop, Run-
yon; third base, Van Slyke; left field, Ballagh ;

centre field, Wills; right field, English; sub.,
Scudder.

PRAYER OF MARY OF SCOTLAND.
FOTHERINGAY CASTLE,

O Lord God most Holy,
My hope is in Thee !
O blessed Christ Jesus
Come, liberate me !
From chains and from prison,
My prayers have arisen,
Uplitted to Thee.
With moaning and groaning,
For my sins atoning,
I adore, I implore Thee,
O Lord, set me free ! i,

IN CRUCE SALUS.
The organ sobs its inarticulate woe,
Filling with sound the chancel’s lofty height ;
The priests, in penitential vestments dight,
Before the altar stand, and bending low,
They chant the Miserere sad and slow.
But from a window, up far out of sight,

A sunbeam streams, and in its crimson light

The cross shines over all with mystic glow.

When in this dark world, full of toil and grief,
The heart is bowed beneath its weight of care,
Disconsolate with haunting sense of loss,
In vain it looks below for its relief,
Nor can it find its solace anywhere
Save in the mystic splendor of the Cross.

NEW YORK vs. NEW JERSEY.

ONE more the representatives of old New York
have vindicated their superiority over the
sons of New Jersey. On Thursday, May 14, the
New York ball team met and vanquished the New
Jersey aggregation by a score of 33to 15. The
game was full of brilliant plays and fumbling
errors. Only six innings were played.“ Straw-
berry” made some fine sprints after the flying
sphere. “ Wooly” covered first base in good
shape. “Old Jamaica” played a fine game.
“ Holmdel” was well represented. No  particu-

,

lar mention can be made of the other players,
though they did remarkably well. After supper
the New York fellows took the Jerseyites to Bates’
and each member of the team treated his oppon-
ent who played the same position on the other
team to a collation of ice cream or strawberry
short cake. After this the boys of Jersey treated
the boys of New Amsterdam to soda and cigars.

 

 

Score by innings... | 1 | 2] 3] 4] 5 | 6—Total
New York....... -1313 11315 12 b7—33
New Jersey....+.. l3l2] 215] 2] 2—15

Earned runs—New York 2. Two base hits—
Tilton, Collier. Three base hits—Walser, Col-
lier, Schneider, Stilson. Home runs—Rottger, 2;
H. C. Cook, Ballagh. Hit by ball—Johanknecht,
2; Schneider, Johnson, Walser. Wild pitches—
H. C. Cook, 4; Stilson, 3. Struck out by H. C.
Cook, 6 ; by Stilson, 4.

Umpire, Mr, I. Enyard.
72

 

PRIMARY COLUMN.

EDITORS:
Joun W. METTLER.

A
GTON.

place to

C. T. CowENHOVEN,

 

 

THE ATTRACTIONS AT WASHIN

Washington is a very interesting
visil.

At the Navy Yard one cau
non such as were formerly used
have been collected as relics 0
tles. New ones are being built ©
models.

War ships are also beir
strengthen the Naval Department.

There are so many wonderful things to be
seen at the Smithsonian Institute, it would be
impossible to jnention them, but the most in-
teresting to me was the manufacture of silk.

At the Botanical Gardens every variety of
and flowers are cultivated.
ferns and all com-

see many old can-
in war, and that
{ important bat-
n the latest

1s constructed to

plants, shrubs
There are orchids, palms,

mon plants.
The process of fish hatching may be seen at

the Fish Commission. The eggs are placed in
automatic glass jars filled with water, and so
arranged that as soon as the fish hatch they
pass into the tanks. They are transported to
different parts of the United States to stock the
rivers and streams.

Other attractions are the Corcoran Art Gal-
Jery, the American Museum, and last, but not
least, the great Capitol building in which Con-
Cc. C. C.

gress assembles.

FIRST BASE BALL GAME.

NE. of the most interesting events of the
primary department was the game played
May 2 between the D Class of the Rutgers Col-
lege Preparatory School and the. Metuchens.
Following were the members of the clubs :

R. C. P. S.—J, B. Kirkpatrick, s. s.; L. Run-
yon, Capt; W. Auton, 3d b. C. Runyon, 2d b.;
Van Dyck, c; J. K. Rice, rst _b.; R. W. Booth
1. f.: Howell, p.; Chas. Cowenhoven, c. f.

Metuchen—Dimmon, c.; Giles, 1st b.; Clark-

son, 1. f.; Moore, Capt.; Randolph, 2d b.; Frank
5. s.; Martin, 3d b.; Powers, ps Corbin, r. f, ®

Umpire, Enyard.

The Metuchens played very well until the figh
when there was a change and the runs
were made by the R.C. P.S. Before this the
score was one OT two runs and twenty for the
Metuchen side, but after this the R. C. Pp, g
caught up, and by the time of the seventh santitts
the score was 21 to 20 and none out. 6

Howell then knocked a home run, but the
Metuchens would not give it because he neglecteq
to touch third base. After this the Metuchen
club went home and the umpire gave the R. C, p
S. the game by a score of 9 too. ,

In all probability the game would have been
won by the R. C. P. S. club had it been played
out. Great regret was expressed because of the
unfinished game, but we will have a chance to
finish one with them before long.

J. W. METTLER

inning,

 

LATER VICTORIES.
Qs Thursday afternoon, May 2rst, the school
team defeated the Freshman team by a score
of 17 te 1. The Freshmen played a wretched

game.
In the game played on Saturday morning, May

23d, with the Pingry team a grand victory was
won by the home team, and the Pingry’s returned
home vowing that they would not play another
game this year. The score was 23 to 4.

PERSONALS.

John Derr will not return to school until
next fall.

Mildred Davis who returned to school last
week, was taken sick with the mumps on the
12th. :

Fred Nelson is suffering from the rheumatis,
but it is hoped that he will soon return to school.

William Jennings has not yet recovered from
the whooping cough.

ScuoLar translating © Anabasis—‘* And the
Greeks formed themselves into a rectangular hol-
low quadrilateral ”
 

Y
The Argo,

PERSONAL.

R. B. Littell, ’90, will enter college in the fall.

THE inmates of the “ Trap” were photographed
by Clark on May qth.

“Dave ” is now the regular scorer of the base-
ball aggregation, and “ Strawberry ’’is the hoodoo.

Cot. A. M. HARDENBERG, a former pupil, now
of Peekskill Military Academy, lately paid a visit
to the school.

T. S. L. Seaman spent the night of the 2nd at
the “Trap.” It did the old boys good to see
“Tommy ” about again among them.

J. G. says that tempus fugit would be a good
motto for ’91, considering the procrastinating pro-
pensities of the class.

Tue yellow ribbon club has now developed into
the white cap club. It looks very “sweet,” as the
school girl would say, to see the five immaculate
yachting caps hanging in a row in the hall.

On April 29th the base-ball team while up on
the “ Trap” grounds indulged in a game of foot-
ball with a lot of scrubs. It seemed natural to
hear the familiar cries, and really the weather was
as good for foot-ball as for base-ball.

o

SEVENTEEN “ Rats” went up to Somerville on
the 2d of May to see the game between the Col-
lege ’Varsity and the West Ends. In spite of the
defeat of the college nine the fellows were in high
spirits and had a good time, as they should on
such a fine spring day.

On Sunday, the 3rd, “Pop” had a Sunday
school class of three youngsters in one of the mis-
sion schools. He said they were nice and quiet,
and he got very much interested in teaching them.
His ardor was somewhat dampened, however,
after Sunday school, when a lady who knew more
about the scholars than the person who asked him
to take the class, informed him that the children
were Germans and did not understand a word of
English.

Our travelers, “ Ma” and Jennings, walked to
Hightstown when the ball team played Peddie at
that place,

Vacation will soon be here.

~u
ww

EXCHANGES.
11 aes owing to a lack of space and also

on account of other reasons, we have given
our exchanges only one

brief notice during the
past year.

It has been a decidedly sad omis-
sion, for if there is anything an editor uf a
school paper enjoys, it is seeing the criticisms
made by other papers upon his work, and we
wish to afford our share of pleasure to others.

Our exchange list is not large. but as Tue
Anco grows older we trust that the list may
grow longer proportionally. We invite any
school paper to exchange with us, and shall try
to do our share in the courtesies of the ex-
change. This time we can but mention our ex-
changes in a general way, but hope that here-
after each number may be criticised as to its
merits individually.

Taking our exchanges in order we first come
to our Baptist friend from Hightstown, the
Peddie Chronicle. This is by far the oldest
paper on our exchange list, being now in its
twentieth volume. “As might be expected in a
publication of such age, the Chronicle is a solid,
attractive paper, with little nonsense, and is al-
ways welcomed and read with interest.

Our sister, Zhe Targum of Rutgers College,
ranks next, being eleven years old. It is pub-
lished fortnightly. We wish that it had a
little more life and enterprise, but think that we
can notice an improvement lately in that re-

spect. We congratulate it upon the new cut
upon its cover. Zhatis certainly an improve-
ment.

The Advocate, of the Livingston Avenue
High School, this city, is in its ninth volume.
After the rabid and cutting notice “To Our
Exchanges” in the February number we are
even inclined to doubt The :1dvocate’s desire to
exchange with other papers, and certainly fear
to make any comment upon it. We sincerely
hope that it may get over és attack of * big
head.” a

The Quill, of Stapleton, Staten Island, is in
its fifth volume. It has a very attractive cover,
fine press work, a very courteous tone, aud is ats

 
74 The

together a fine sample of a bright, model school
paper.

The Reveille, of the Peekskill Military Aca-
demy, is in its fourth year. Jt is an excellent
paper of a somewhat poetic and yet decidedly
military character, published every quarter.
Remarkable to state, it has no adv ertisements.
We should like to be initiated into the mystery
of its existence, as even with the aid secured
from advertisers, in our case we find it difficult
to make the ends meet comfortably.

The Vidette, of the Hudson River Institute
and Claverack College, is two years old. It is
hardly as military in tone as its name and cover
would indicate. It is somewhat sedate, but has
in it solid worth and much of interest. The
article on “Ancient Claverack” in the March
number especially attracted our notice.

Our gray covered friend, the A BC Monthly,
of the Misses Anables’ school, 66 Bayard Street,
this city, is also in its second yolume. We
have a peculiar regard for it as it is about the
same age as Tur Arco, and we have many
interests in common with it. It is a very clever
paper, some of its articles being remarkably
bright and original. We can only wish that the
paper were larger and the articles longer.

The High School Herald, of Jersey City, is a
paper which reflects great credit upon those
connected with it. It is in its first volume, so
Tue Anco is its senior. It has mote reading-
matter than any other of our exchanges. Kiven
if it is a meritorious paper, we think it has no
right to feel exalted and say of its elder:
“i Arco hails from New Brunswick, the
home of Zhe Advocate. It would be a good
idea for the two to consolidate and thus make

a first-class paper.” “Pride goeth,” ete., our
dear contemporary — but I suppose that we
should be thankful that we are judged to be

half as good as a “first-class paper.”

The High School Advance, of Salem, Mass.,
which is in its first volume, is our only exchange
from “@own east.” It is starting nobly in its
literary life, and we wish it every success and
not as many rocks as we have had to encounter.

The Echo, of Camden Academy, N. Y., is our
youngest exchange, having published only three
numbers. In spite of its youth it has nothing
of which to be ashamed, and we wish it long life

and great prosperity.

Argo.

Ee

SQUEAKS.

A man-of-war—An ark-ist.

«“ Don’d you got somedings for me ?”

Who chased “ Stuffy” by the candy shop ?
The Kickapoo.

Why is a dog wood tree like a dog ?
they both have a bark.
the “scrub” may be called a

Because

A game with
“ brush” quite appropriately.

“Simon” reported that ‘* Pete’ made a home
run on Enyard’s hit,” in a game with the college,

«“Snid” said the trouble with his sentence on
the board was that it had “ only one punctuation,”

A poem:

“Little boys
Must not have toys."—A Prof.

Monday morning, after the class has recited,
Prof.—“ A Monday morning of the usual charac.
ter!”

The following pun will be appreciated by
“When there’s a Wills, there's

4,519

“ Pete's
a way.”

An “A” class historian recently expatiated upon
Pepsin, the Short; and another one upon Miss
de Mediky.

C.—* Hello, E—, have you seen your friends

friends:

this morning ?

E.—* Rats !”

“ Wooly” (reading a novel in study hour) as the
fellows make a racket—* Prof., I can’t study with
so much noise in the room.”

“Pop” excitingly bursting into L.’s room:
“Give me your opera glass, L , want to
look at a girl going across the field.”

 

“Snid” was visited by 52 June bugs one even-
ing last week. ‘A pretty good bug-inning for the
summer’s work,” a Prof. remarked.

Solomon—* Professor, that fire was caused by a
cigarette thrown out of the window.”

Prof.—* Moral: Never smoke cigarettes.”

Why doesn’t Treasurer “* Ma” Stout skip to
Canada?

Because she never uses “ French ” (slang of du-
bious character.)
The Argo.

This is what a Prof. asked A—— the other
«“ When does the Blain (brain) know what to

day: : i
The answer was: “ When he is in office.”

do ?”

Prof. to class—* What is it ?”

s.—* Nothing.”

Prof.—* Well, don’t mention it.”

It is rumored that a young gentleman in the R.
C. P.S, is pretty far gone on a certain young lady
in a boarding school in this city.

It’s mutual.

Here are two characteristic excuses for not get-
ting in till after at 10 night: ‘ Josh” said he
« didn’t hear the bell” and “Solomon” pitifully
stated that he “had been locked out.”

Dr. knocking at the door of No. 5 about mid-
night—* Why is your light burning at this time of
night 2?”

Our naturalist just returned from the social—
“ Watching the butterflies, Dr.”

A poetic gem:

The team went down to Princeton
For to play a game of ball,
But when they arrove,

Though hardly they strove,
They didn’t get there at all.

We wonder why it is that the boys all wish the
return game with Peddie to be played at Hights-
town.

Ir has often been remarked how quiet and
orderly the fellows are in chemistry class !

WE are gradually nearing that period of the year
when the scholars begin to look anxious.

BatLaGu, who was compelled to go home on
account of sickness, has returned.

Tue Senior Class had their pictures taken on
May the r8th.

Tue Glee Club was greatly appreciated the
other night.

Our base-ball team has at last gained a victory.

“Do you vas gota rubber ?”

 

|
|

“NI
on

THE GREAT

Atlantic and -acific

Tea Co.,

——— IMPORTING RETAILERS IN——__.

TEAS, COFFEES,
Baking Powder
And CONDENSED MILK,

Cor. Peace ® Chureh Sts,
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

+ rey 7
Pioneers in the business, and only Importers
. = ats
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers.

8a3"200 Stores in the United States.

|
|] | |

| |
| |
1 | |
The reputation that the clothes
of our make has earned during the
past 35 years is sufficient guaran-
tee as to their being stylish, sub-

stantial and reasonable in price,
both in custom and ready-made.

Caan a, | Nene
|

Special :
We keep a full line

of Sporting Goods on *
hand.

Try our $1.90 Derby,
and our
$3.00 Shoes.

A. WOLFSON & SONS,
Largest Outfitters in the State,
328-330 Burnet Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.
76

YOUNG MEN, LOOK!

25 CHURCH

1d of Shoes you may wish for.

Base Ball, Tennis, Reception, and any kit
do you good.

pty
Rutgers 4 oll
ee 2
yutgers 4) allege,
?
New Brunswick, N. J.
Term opened September 17th, 1890.

SLOAN PRIZES
For tue Best (Crasstcat) Entrance Examina-
qions : First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350

 

($50 cash).

Twenty Professors, No tutors, ‘The classical course 1s ample and
thorough. Elective course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin,
Gerinan. French, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronomy, Chem
istry, Physics and English Literature in Junior and Senior years,

The Scientific Department is the New Jersey

State College. 50 Free Scholarships.
Apply to your County Superintendent of Education, or to the
President of the College.
A Practical Scientific School of High Grade
Four Years each—" Engineering and Mechanics,"

Chemistry.”
A New Course in Electricity.

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying, Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-
ratus for each student. A well-equipped Astronomical Observatory
for Student's use,

A New $40,000 Laboratory
rk of the State Agricultural Expe-
e under the “Hatch Bill” appro-

 

Three Courses of
Agriculture and

 

for the Chemical and Biological wo
riment Station and the State Colles
priation of 316,000 per annum,

For Catalogue or for any information address IRVING
S. Upson, Librarian, Rutgers College
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D..
President.

~~ TAPKEN 9s MILLER,
@Watchmakers & Jewelers,

59 CHURCH STREFT,
New Brunswicr, N. J.

 

 

 

J A MUSIC COURSE,
N 0 R M A i, COURSE IN READING,
REVIEW SYSTEM OF WRITING,
COURSE IN SPELLING,
Welsh’s Grammars; Composition ; Rhetoric
Mac Co u's Historical Publications,
Young Folks’ Library.

 

 

Stowell’s A Healthy Body, ete,, ete,

When you want SHOES

The Argo.

3 OF ANY DI SCRIPTION, go to

Wm. H. Cooper, Jr.'s,
STREET.
Give him a eall and he will

pax Prices Low.

FINEST SHOES!

Ss

T SEYLE
TALO'TT

r

oS

iSHoldd LS

 

LAT

—at—

Harding & Mansfield’s

a

Factory and Retail Store,
| q PEACE STREET.

| GYMNASTIC * SHOES

| IN GREAT VARIETY.

| Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR
IN THE CITY.

 

Shoes Made to Measure.

GEORGE J. LITTERST & CO,
HATTERS. aul GENTS’ OUTEITTERS

52 Church Street, New Brunswick, N. J,

 

 

SILVER, BURDETT & CO., Publishers,

Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every branch
of School and College Work,
Iiinstrated Catalogues mailed free to any address, Corres-
pondence with teachers and educators
is solicited.
BOSTON: 6 Hancock Avenne
NEW YORK: 740 and 742 Broadway.
CHICAGO; 122 and 124 Wabash te)
" ypAVISON & Wisomy SS

(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B. KILME ti

dl Medic ines S, Oo ig uw = Cigar atin *
aris, Hi awthorn, Congress, Vie Li
pure "pou ni Photographie Sapplids,

ya * House * Drug
e MASONIO ELALL,

gs aut

Soda and Minera]

and Other w. aters, Waters

se

a

Store,

\ ‘
Garner W ILSon,

Op

=

   
   

y. BI. Daviso™

 

sh
aS

sies. Latin, Greek, Modern Languages, Fi

Brglsh Ca. Mathematics, History,

: Political Science, ete. |

errpENce BOOKS FOR STUDENTS, |

|
& Haigh’s Latin-
Latin Lexicon, Gepp | Ro ne tg TY
Ma ah Ditiona ry, Lidell & Scott's Greek _ Pil: work,
Lexicon, (abr idged and unabridged. ) |

We do not Carry second class :::::

» goods in ahs es made or !':::

    

| J..E, PAINTON,
he-+- National-:- Music -:- Course, |G. D. McCOY, Mangr.

Recently adopted by the New Brunswick ue
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

Te ry IT. Y ° \ Am
QIN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, N. Y, | IN oO. 51 CILU RCIL STREHI .

| Were

ISAAC C, BATES,

Oaterer and Confectioner

 

 

 

 

0.0, STILLMAN,

ato
DEALER IN

W. "SCHLESTNGRR'S

Diamonds, Clatches,, cate sranowisk.”

wg: NAS.
Jewelry and Sterling Silver. é 7 HOR SER a
(3 Society Pins of all kinds Made to Order. ee . ‘ aN

No. 49 Chureh Street
New Brunswick, N. J.
eS ae ee ee ea

A. Craig Voomines,.

BICMON DS,

| WATCHES 149 i :E JEWELRY,

Society and Class P 11S,
Avent for COLUMBIA KICYCLES and BI-

CYCLE SUNDRIES. MeDede’s Livery, AL Chusch Strect,
No. 2 Peace Street, 23-29 BASTON AVE.

NEW Bru NSWICK, N. J. Elegant Turnouts always Clean.

}

|

|

| Special Attention given to

| Society Banquets and

| Suppers.

| No. ‘09 Church Street,
: [saa
- |
|

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

 

 

 

NOS. WAY.
Dis 1108, Org ‘guts,

 

SHEET MUSIC,

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N, J.

ee)
 

 

Mulgers

ollege J Jreparatory School,
|

NEW BRUNSWICK, Wicd

Founprp 1766.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Next Quarter Begins September 16th, 1891.

E. I. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

 

 

INSTRUCTORS.
4890-94.

KE. H. COOK, A. M., Pu. D., WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,

Head Master, Latin Master.

BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. I. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B., CLARA P. NEWTON. A.B.,
Greek Master. English Master. French and Mathematics.

MISS ESTIIER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS SUSAN C. MORRIS, MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY IARDING,
Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Departments.

While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be its chief aim; attention will also be paid to students desiring to pre-

pare for business. ‘ , :
The number of pupils at the “ Home” js limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

ADMISSION.

Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work. [t is earnestly
urged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or quarter. The class work will begin

promptly at the opening of school. .
Each pupil will bring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church he has

attended.
RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.

The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian Character as well. On Sunday the pupils of the Pre
paratory School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswick Theological Se minary, at Kirkpatrick Chapel
Attendance at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian, *.

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school thrown open to the ils of y
Library connected with Rutgers College. Titraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to ihe students, ee is -noparalory cbeboal ihe

THE SCHOOL BUILDIN AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are he'd and the other in whi i i

x . ; B er in which the boys 1 e

Master. These are five to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each other, and thus insures every student some exercise in the Spee ie, Eph, Pees
The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition. Ample grounds are provided for out-door games. :

DAY PUPILS.

Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and resi ins arriv
the day and special school rates can be obtrined from the railroad. iy Gad. zevide at home: “Tralnk'arcive:at all hours of
‘or day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows:
rei

 

   
 

     
  
  

First and Second Primary saccesscesesceenseceee « $8 Per Quarter. First Year Classic anita
Third Primary. . lo “ Second aa o Par al ang Be aontifle: pers Quar tes.
First Intermedi nS se Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical and Scicnufic 18 “

TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuiti $90 per quarte: > : : }
single rooms, $100 per aaarter: , rfuel, lights, tuition, ete., are $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance. Suites and

PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMEN

The work in this department is designed to prepare boys of the younzest school ag. .

ee Neca sdinee : e y ) g age for the vane rork = at .

of pupils is limited, Special care is taken in regar? to the morals and language of eect ee the mord advanced wark:of the school. ‘The’ nurabér
For Catalogue or further information address E. 1f. COOK, A. M., Ph. D., Ilead Master

Second and Third | ntermed

   

S.

 
