 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTENTS FOR MAY, 1891.

Editorials
The New Light at Monument S
Is the Marking System a Farce
YM. CA
De Natura...
Flegiacs s+.
Carpe Diem ..
The Glee Club
Fase Ball.
N

In Cruce
New York vs. New Jersey
Primary Column .... .++.
Later Victories
Personals. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
“J. ® S. *¥ STEWART Be
Hats, Neckwear.

New and Nobby Styles for Young Men a special feature, Elegant and Stylish, always in Stock.

UND ERWEAR.—the only first-class $2 Derby in the city.
No. 29 CHURCH STREET. —

LE FREDONIAN | RUTGERS
«Publishing « House,« PHARMGCY,

aw
| Opposite Rutgers College
Grammar School.

 

70 and 72 DENNIS ST., NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

|
UNEQUALLED FACILITIES FOR V. D. PALME R,
FIRST-CLASS PRINTING.» Se eeert

NEW TYPE AND NEW PRESSES

“Jas. P. SMITH. WM. E. EDMUNDS. |
| AND

SMITH & EDMONDS, y /
= Matters and Wen’s Quttitters, Ke a re oe x

Cor, Church and Neilson Sts, New Brunswick,

Opposite National and People's Banks. ¥ if Df
ah RY ATHLETIC

CORNELIUS HOAGLAND’ |
Reliable -- Foot. Wear | 3 Shvla's Bovis A, >» GOODS
A SPECIALTY.

Of every des sorin tion: from the medium to the finest | eye GEORGE STREET, y
es, a
1 Pateson Biock.

 

The Fredonian Publis shing Company, — ‘Merchant Tailor Oe
BO

 

  
  

st cash prices
Athi tic, Walking and Dress Shoes. 1s:-—

No. S7 Church streot,
- _ Opp. People e's National Bank ae HEADQUARTERS sana ite 7
WILLIAM J. SENG, ~- | a ee JOHN tH. WHITTAKER,
BOOT AND SHOE DEALER School Supplies of. all Kinds. DRALER IN
POCKET BOOKS, KNIVES, FOUN fey FINE TEAS, COFFEES AND SPICES,

Custom Work and Repairing a specialty. | PENS, FANCY GOODS, PICTURES
Also General Groceries,

The Only Place for Fine Hand Sewed Work. AND FRAMES, GAMES AND
NOVELTIES. Cor. Hamilton and Division Streets.

48 & 50 EASTON AVE.
New York, Oct. 1st, 1890.

Honest Fall Overcoats for as little as ten dollars ; but the range
of popular prices, with our trade, is $15 to $25. We sell many at
even higher prices.

If a low- -priced coat has silk trimmings, either the cloth or the
silk, or both, are apt to be inferior. Our medium pr iced overcoats
are built in the most substantial manner. We use silk sleeves,
facings or linings only in the better grades, where the price justi-

fies the cost of ‘good stuff inside and out.
ise ready.

  
 

Autumn Suits are
PF ree delivery to all points ne huane red milés of New York City. TaoRe “ Frinos,
ROGERS, PEEL & CO. Hea [a

 
OHE

Vol. I.

The Argo:

pUBLISHED MONTHLY DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR, bY THE

Rutgers College Preparatory Schaal,

New Brunswick, N, J., May, 189, No. 8

vou. If

BOARD OF EDITORS:
¢. W. GULICK, "ot, J, P. STOUT, ’91.
Senior Kditora,
J. E. JENNINGS, #2. F. JOHANKNECHT, "Py
Associate Editors.
A. SCHUYLER CLARK, "#1, Kk. K, PAINTER, "1,
Business Managers.

1. N. ENYARD, "2,

pneuecensnenesmee rasan e neue Iay wee rr

 

One copy, one year, seventy-five cents.
All communications should be addressed to the Senior Editor,
CW. GULICK, New Brunswick, N.J., and must be accompanied

with the naime of the author.

yes number of THE Arco is the last that will
will be issued under the present Board of
With the June number tke class of ’92
the senior editors being
the present edi-
wish to thank the

Editors.
takes charge of the paper,
elected from that class. As we,
tors, make our parting bow, we
school for the kindness it has shown us in bearing
with our blunders and in affording us aid in various
ways, pecuniarily in particular. The advertisers
and other friends must also be assured of our grat-
* itude for their assistance, and our special thanks
are due Prof. Cummings for his advice and aid,

lly at all times, as well as for

granted so cheerfu
other favors which have been partly recognized
js that it may be

before. Our wish for THE ARGO}
more prosperous next year under ’92’s care than it

has been during this, and that it may become more

interesting and more nearly what a perfect school

paper should be.

N May rsth a general school election was

held for choosing the next board of editors
and the business managers for the following year.
The election was decidedly lively, and by its spirit
showed the interest felt’ by the school in ‘THE

 

NEW BRUNSWICK,

 

ARGO.

N. J., MAY, 1801. No. &

Those elected were Collier,
senior editor for a year; Enyard, senior
editor for half a year; Scudder and John-
son junior editors for one quarter ; Schneider,
Y. M. C. A. editor for a year; English and Suy-
dam business managers for a year. Of these
Collier and Enyard have already served as junior
editors and have well shown their fitness for the
positions they will occupy. The others elected
are alsc fellows who we think are the best selec-
tions possible. ‘To these, our successors, We give
our most cordial good wishes, hoping that they may
profit by our mistakes and be able to make the
‘Te Arco all we can desire it to be. We ask for
them from the school the same kindness and co-
operation that has been shown us, and if this is
heartily given we know that Tue Arco will flour-
ish under its new management.

Arco's_ welfare.

HOUGH our base-ball team has not made as
brilliant a record as our foot-ball team did,
that they may continue after the

yet we hope
They have met

fashion of the Peddie game.
teams which have been considerably heavier than
those the foot-ball team met, and, although they
have been defeated in three out of four games,
yet we hope that now, that they have gained a
victory, they may not go back, but in future may

win against any team they may play.

I’ may be well to sum up what has been done
in and for this paper during our administra
tion. Misi nostram. buccinam inflabimus, nemo
inflabit, as Srys the Latin poet. In the first place
the principle that a school paper should be original
has been adhered to as strictly as was practical,
only one short article having been copied, so far
The personals and “ squeaks,” al-
though not all they should be, have increased in
number and are more interesting. Best of all,
Tue Arco received the gift of a plate for printing
the new cover, and, with a slight change in shape,

as we know.
4

0 wld
Yoni Hath

il list ye ae 7)

 

   

 

ged : :

 

ee

—

Se ~=

  

SS Re

Ata
FM Lae

 

ii

 

/

MWIGH |

\/

TIM

WUAKY

provenie

/ kiwn /

        

“Uh ha

 

Ne vi
 

 

66 [he

was able to appear in a more attractive form. A
box for receiving contributions of articles—more
especially personals and «squeaks "—has_ been
placed in the school room and promises to bea
great success, Last, but second in importance
only to the new cover, through a special effort
made to secure more subscriptions, we were able
to add an extra sheet to the paper.

T is our boast as a school that we have access
to the college library, and indeed that is a
boast worth making. In that way we need not
feel ashamed of a very small library in our own
building, as few preparatory schools have access
to such a fine collection of books as we through
the college library. Our own library has no
necessity of being large, but should be thoroughly
supplied with what we need upon the spot. It
does little good to know that we can find certain
information in the college library when we wish
that information at once and have not the time
to go out of the building. It is our wish that this
necessity may be supplied, and suggest to any one
desiring to aid us that no more acceptable gift
could be bestowed upon us than some good books
of reference, one or two sets of cyclopzdias, and
some of the standard works on American, Eng
lish and classic literature which are sadly needed
on our book shelves.

THE NEW LIGHT AT MONUMENT
SQUARE.

HIS is my third year in the “ Trap” and con.

sequently my third in New Brunswick. In

these three years, especially since I am a Jerseyan

any way, my attachment for this old town has

grown strong, and I look with pride at any im-
provement made init.

I know more about New Brunswick, I dare say,
than do many of lier own citizens. I know where
the city park is, and that is more than most New
Brunswickers do. I can tell what houses have
gone up in the last three years, what streets are
paved and the number of streets macadamized,
with how long the latter have been finished. I
have been out to Weston’s Mills lots of times, and
I should really like to know how many New

 

Argo.

Brunswickers have ever seen the source of their
city's water supply. 1 can even tell how many
goats are owned in the Sixth Ward, but don t dare
to for fear that I shall be accused of yarning,

I think I have shown conclusively my interes,
in and love for old New Brunswick, and shall now
tell about the surprise the good people of this
city had in store for me when I returned after
Easter vacation.

Monday evening, April 6th, one of the fellows
and I were walking about town after the manner
of boys who have just got back from a good time
at home and who don’t care at all how the next
day’s lessons may go. We walked down Church
street and back and then started out George
street. Passing Bayard street we noticed an odd
and unwonted light ahead, and in another mo-
ment we saw that an electric light had been raised
at the George street and Livingston avenue corner
of Monument Square. The sight was imposing.
There on a pole—yes, a fo/e at least twenty feet
high—was a real, live Brush electric light—it makes
the “Aird owned by the city.

What in the world could have ailed the City
Fathers? Was it that the Soldiers’ Monument had
at last been secured and they wished to display it ?
No, for only the poor, lonely base was there sur-
rounded, as usual, by stones and brush. Was it
possible that the macadamizing of Livingston
avenue had at last been finished, and they wished
to have the remarkable achievement seen even at
night? No, for the avenue was still unfinished,
Had they discovered some beauty in the facade of
the Liberty Street Methodist Church as seen by
electric light? Hardly, for it was even uglier by
artificial than by natural light.

And oh, wonder of wonder of wonders! they had
left the gas lamp which the pole had supplanted
and the gas was lit/ What could it mean! Had
some of the boodle which had been taken away by
the boodlers in former years been restored, and
had the city voted this pole and light as a means of
showing their thankfulness? Kither oil had been
struck in some way or the city was getting more
reckless than of old, and we might even expect to
have gas light in the time of fullmoon! — Possi-
bly they wanted a light near the station house

 
The

bright enough to show it so plainly that the police
force might not get lost. Or another possibility
was that the City Fathers were superstitious and
did not like the idea of thirteen carbon lights
in town—there were eleven in stores beside the
two owned by the city.

I made up my mind then and there to ask the
Mayor about it on the following day, but, possibly
as a visitation for my undue inquisitiveness, I was
laid up with a cold, and, taking the warning, I have
let the matter rest and merely ask now in this way
for information, if any one can give it to me.

‘Tau Ramp.

IS THE MARKING SYSTEM A FARCE?
iy all the different systems of marking used in
our schools and colleges for the purpose of
ascertaining a student's standing in any one sub-
ject, the one most harmful to the student, and
which gives the greatest temptation to cheat,
is the one in which the instructor has
a small book containing the names of
the members of the class. As each student
recites the instructor places opposite — his
name the mark, which in his judgment, the student
has merited by the translation of one or two sen-
tences from a page of Latin or Greek, upon which
he has spent two or three hours of hard, honest
work. And if, perchance, one or two of the words
in this sentence has slipped his mind for the
moment, as strange words are apt to do when we
want to use them, he is given a mark of 45 per
cent. or 50 per cent. in payment for his. whole
evening's work. Perhaps it is a Geometry propo-
sition of which he has forgotten a portion of the
proof, and consequently he is marked 50 per cent.
on a lesson of ten propositions, nine of which he
understands. Is this just? No; decidedly no ;
there is nothing just about it.

When a student goes into the class room and
sees his classmate called upon to translate the
only sentence in the whole lesson that he knows,
and receive a mark of 85 per cent., and he is
called upon to translate the only sentence in the
lesson that he doesn’t know, and receives a mark
of 65 per cent., he feels that he has been treated
unjustly and that his labor has been for nothing,

AYgO.

67

and, if he is a fellow that is a little weak morally,
he goes into class with his

it is not long before
and a translation

Geom. propositions on his cuff,
for his Latin and Greek.

I have attended several schools and acadamies
as a student, where no marking system for daily
work was used, and altogether I have never seen
one third the dishonest work that I have seen in
two years’ attendance at a school in which this
system is in vogue.

As the mark terms usually counts two-thirds
upon the examination papers, how easy it is for
one of the class of ‘now working students,” by
the aid of a “pony” and “ skinning,” to keep up
term marks and then pass a miserably poor exami-
nation on subjects he doesn’t know anything, or
but very little, about and get through his year’s
work with a very good average mark, while on the
other hand the honest, working student can hardly
get a passing mark, since he has to contend with
the “ponied” translation of his classmate.

The majority of students where this system is
used are studying for what marks they get—not
for what they learn.

This bug-bear causes more contention among
the students and between the students and in-
structors than anything else in school life.

The comparison which each student's work has
with that of the rest of the class depends altogether
on the judgment of the instructor in marking, and if
he happens to be a man mean enough to be pre)-
udiced by his likes and dislikes, as I am sorry to
say some instructors are, some certain ones in his
classes willalways stand high, while others doing
the same work are low.

{have in mind at present a close marking pro-
fessor, who seemed to wreak his vengeance upon
certain students by cutting down their marks, and
consequently he stood very low in the estimation
of the best students in the school.

Then does anyone say that when the term
marks depend not upon what you do, but upon
what you pretend to do, and upon the partial
judgment and prejudices of one man, the marking
system is not afarce? Ttisa farce, and abig one, and
one of the biggest bug-bears and greatest annoy-
ances of a student's life. JUDGE.
The Argo.

Y. M.C.A.

THE WORLD FOR
the subjects for the June

“ THE YOUNG MEN OF CHRIST.
The following are
prayer meetings:
Wednesday, June 3—Subject,
Rule.” Leader, F. W. Johanknecht.
Friday, June 5 -- Subject, “ The
Leader, J. P. Stout.
Wednesday, June
Leader, J. H. Seeberger.

“The Golden
Future.”

1o—Subject, “ Whither shall

we go ?”

THE STUDENT VOLUNTEER MOVE-
MENT.
HE American Student Missionary uprising had
its beginning in July, 1886, at the Mt. Her-
mon conference of college students. About two
hundred and fifty had come together at the invita-
tion of Mr. Moody to spend a few weeks in the
study of the Bible. Some time passed before the
subject of missions was even mentioned. But one
young man from Princeton had come with the
deep conviction that God would call a few at
least out of that large gathering who would conse-
crate themselves to the foreign field. At an early
day he called together all who were thinking
seriously of spendiug their lives in the foreign ser-
vice. Twenty-one students answered the call,
although all of them had not definitely decided.
This little band began to pray that the spirit of
missions might pervade the conference, and that
many more might be called to this great work.
On the evening of July 16 a special mass meet-
ing was held, which was addressed by Rev. A. T.
Pierson on the all important subject of missions.
He argued that “all should go and go to all”
This was the keynote that set many men to think.
ing and praying. A week passed, and then on
Saturday, July 24, a mecting—afterwards called
the “meeting of the ten nations "—was held. It
was addressed by the sons of missionaries in India,
China and Persia and by seven young men of dif
ferent nationalities. ‘The addresses were short and
consisted of appeals for more workers. At the
close each speaker repeated in the language of his
country the words “ God is love.”
From this night on to the close of the conven-

|

|
|

tion the missionary spirit grew more and more in.
tense. One by one the men alone in the Wooes
or rooms fought out the battle with self and Were
led to forsake all and carry the Gospel unto the
uttermost parts of the earth.” Dr. Ashmore, who
had just returned from China, added fuel to the flame
by his burning appeal to look upon “ missions as g
war of conquest and not as mere wrecking expe.
ditions. In the eight days elapsing between the
“meeting of the ten nations ” and the close of the
conference the number of volunteers increased from
twenty-one to exactly one hundred. Several of
the remaining one hundred and fifty delegates be.
came volunteers after months of study and prayer,
On the last day of the conference a meeting was
held at which they decided that the missionary
spirit which had pervaded the conference should
be communicated to students throughout the
Union. They believed that the reasons which had
influenced the students at Mt. Hermon would
move hundreds of other students throughout the
country. Accordingly a deputation was appointed
to visit among the different colleges throughout
the United States. This deputation worked so
faithfully that at the end of the year two thousand
two hundred volurteers were pledged. Some time
afterward a committee was appointed to organize
the movement.

After much thought and prayer the committee
decided that the movement should be restricted
to students, and consequently it was called the
“Student Volunteer Movement.” An executive
committee was appointed to devise and execute
plans for developing the movement wherever it
exists and to extending it to where it has not been
felt. There is also an Advisory Committee of
seven persons. ‘The Executive Committee has
decided to have a corresponding member in every
State and province in which the movement has
been sufficiently introduced to insure its perma-
nency. There is also a traveling secretary, who
touches at the principal colleges in every State.
The work in a State consists not only in arousing
more interest in the colleges and seminaries, but
also in quickening the missionary spirit in the
churches by means of visits from volunteers.

Those who have the time or fitness for such
The Argo.

 

work spend all or a part of their vacations in visit-
ing churches. A young man who is himself going
in a foreign field has a great deal of power over a
congregation. The movement has far outgrown
the expectations of its nearest friends. Even Dr.
Pierson did not expect more than one thousand
volunteers from the American colleges. To-day
there are nearly six thousand preparing for the
foreign work, “The evangelization of the world
in this generation ” is the watch cry of the Volun-
teer Movement, and, to accomplish this, all who
have volunteered are needed and many more be-
side. Mr. Wishard writes from Japan that twenty
thousand men are wanted there before 1900 in
order to keep pace with the inroads of infidelity.
Dr, Chamberlain appeals for five thousand mis-

sionaries for India during this century, At a very

moderate estimate at least twenty thousand men

are needed to preach the Gospel to every creature

within this generation.
May the Volunteer Movement go on increasing
in numbers and power until its influence shall be

felt even to the very “uttermost parts of the
earth.”

DE NATURA.
“To him who in the love of Nature holds

Communion with her visible forms she speaks

A various language. * * * From all around—
Farth and her waters and the depths of air—
Comes a still voice.”
ye ME, 5.00 Pp. M.; day, May 9, 1891; compan-
ions, none. Slowly I wend my way from
the haunts of men to those of “ coot and hern.”

The sun is slowly setting behind the distant
hills, bathing the earth with that mellow tint of
crimson so coveted by artists of the brush and
palette, not alone by those of the present day, but
by such old masters as Rubens, Angelo and Titian
also.

In the distance come two children carrying huge
bundles of fagots on their backs, making a “faire
picture indeed” with the back ground of purple
red.

In the brook at my right two robins are bathing
and playing in the babbling waters, unheedful of
my proximity to them. Now they fly to yon wild
cherry tree, all radient in its spring-tide vesture of

69

snowy whiteness, and now back to their evening’s
bath.

Now and then a fish, whose hunger has not yet
been appeased, jumps up out of the water for a
passing fly, falls back with a dull thud, the waters
close rapidly over him, the ripples cease, and
quietness reigns supreme.

Passing over the brook on a bridge of stonés,
that, probably, the dairy maid has had placed there
for her own convenience, | wandered up through
the Russy’s ravine, which gives bedding for an-
other brook, smaller, but a more reckless, laughing
and romping one than the first.

The dark banks of the ravine, with the brilliant
sunset glittering through the masses of leaves, a
distant whip-poor-will’s plaintive call and the
splashing of the brooklet over the stones causes
the following words of Whittier’s to come to my
mind :

“And still the water sang the sweet,
Glad song that stirred its gliding fect,
And found in rock and root the keys
Of its beguiling melodies.”

On either side of me flowers peep up, some
with heads nodding a “glad good night,” others
trailing as though on their knees like devout Mo-
hammedans at sunset.

Higher up on the bank, keeping watch over
their lowly situated sisters, the majestic colum-
bine, aguilegia Canadensis, reigns in glory; there
on its left sways the bellwort, wowlaria grandi-
fora, tolling the “knell of the departing day.”

Passing on out of this Paradise, I see two girls
(of the earth, earthy) sketching the woodland's
beauty at sunset.

Once again the whip-poor-will’s realistic threat
is heard, this time almost directly overhead, dis-
turbing Nature’s solitude.

Seating myself on a tree hard by that some

sturdy woodman has felled across the brook, J sit
and contemplate the wonders and greatness of
Nature, and am overwhelmed by the emptiness, in
comparison, of the works of man.

DANIEL MorrIsON.

ELEGIACS.

Iliding its beauty beneath the fallen leaves on the hill-side,
Arbutus, sweetest of flowers, waits for the loving search.

So, underneath Society’s hollow shams and conventions,
Lies unrevealed the Soul, only responsive to Love.

 

 
 

The Argo

CARPE DIEM.

PARAPHRASE OF HORACE, LIB, 1, CARM. Xt.
Why dost thou ever vainly strive to know

How long for thee the lamp of life shall beam ?
The wind of Fate doth, never-shifting, blow

All vessels to that one dark Stygian stream.

Sure, it is nobler, better far to bear
Whatever destiny the gods assign.
Endure with patience, be days foul or fair,
Rejoice in youthful loves, rejoice in wine.
Look not to past or future for thy joy,
But snatch thy pleasure from each passing day ;
For Mournful Age will all delights d&troy,
The Hours with swift-winged feet bear youth away.

THE GLEE CLUB.

ye Glee Club has been prosperous during

the past year. Three times we have sung by
request: At Hope Mission in December, at the
Y Mission entertainment in March, and at the Y.
W. C. T. U. anniversary this month. We were
well received at all these places and derived much
benefit in the confidence gained, even if our treas-
ury was not filled by this means. We also had
proposals to sing out of town, but on account of
the small profit we would have made, judged the
efforts not worth making.

The fellows are somewhat inclined to laugh at
us, saying that we can sing nothing but “ Onward
Marching ” and a few other pieces which have be-
come old to them from having heard us_ practice
them so often. We think the school has been
benefited by our morning rehearsal at which they
make fun. By it the fellows have become familiar
with our pieces, and though that may make them
seem stale when we sing them, yet when the boys
now want to sing they have something beside the
old regulation college songs. We are sure this
fact was appreciated at Peddie Institute and also
at the one serenade we have ventured in town.

After the game with Peddie, while the fellows
were waiting on the campus for the stages, what
did they sing ? Why the Glee Club pieces with
only a few exceptions, and the Glee Club's drills
and example caused the pieces to be sung with an
expression usually lacking when a lot of boys get
together and sing. ‘The singing was certainly very

 

good, and there were a number of compliments
beard upon it, beside the evident enjoyment
more gratifying to the boys—the Institute girls
showed. The Glee Club ought to have a large
share of any credit thus deserved, it seems to us,

We have shown our interest in our work by im-
posing a fine of ten cents for absence from Friday
afternoon rehearsal. Any one who knows the
value of a dime to a school-boy and the difficulty
of his obtaining it will appreciate what this means.
By this plan more regularity has been secured and
over five dollars have been raised. This has been
used in buying some sheet music.

We are now at work on music for commence-
ment. This will be entirely new, and if we sing
it as well as we have at some of our rehearsals we
think we will be able to effectually silence our
musical friends, the critics, and prove that we can
sing something besides chestnuts, and that we
have at least a little music in us» SECRETARY.

BASE BALL.
URRAH, our base-ball team has gained a vic-
tory! On the gth of May they met a team
from Peddie Institute, and after a hard and closely-
contested game, at last wrested victory from the
Peddie boys by a score of 9 to 4.

Four match games have been played this season.
With Pingry, at Elizabeth ; Iroquois, at Bergen
Point; Princeton Preps., at Princeton; and Ped-
die Institute, at Hightstown. The team was de-
feated in the first three games and victorious in the
last.

A number of games have been arranged for
future dates, in which we hope the boys will do as
well as they did in the last.

Nearly all the fellows of the foot-ball and base-
ball teams will graduate this year, English, Scud-
der and Enyard being the only fellows on the
base-ball team who will be left in the school.

Out of nine fellows on the base-ball team, five
were on the foot-ball team, a thing which very sel-
dom happens in any school or college. They are
Wills, Geo, Ludlow, Van Dyck, Van Slyke and
Enyard.

Our school has been stronger in athletics this
year than any year since 1887, and we hope that

 
The Argo,

 

it may continue to grow in strength and at no dis-
tant date may stand at the head of Prep. schools
in New Jersey, both in scholarship and athletics,

George Deshler, one of the best players on the
college nine, is in our school this year, and this is
the first time in several years that any Prep. School
fellow has played on the college nine.

Not having grounds of our own makes it pretty
hard for us to get games in the city, as we have to
arrange them for dates when the college does not
play. And now, since the City Council has passed
the ordinance prohibiting ball playing on enclosed
grounds or charging admittance, it makes it doubly
hard for us, as the expenses have to come on each
fellow individually, while heretofore we could take
in enough gate money to pay our expenses and
have something over. Our own grounds are in no
condition to play a match game on, being in the
first place too small and in the second altogether
too rough and uneven.

This year the fellows have fitted themselves out
with mask, mit and chest protector, bats, balls and
suits and have paid their own expenses wherever
they went, without the aid of the college or Prep.
School, the whole expense being between $50 and
$60. The boys think that it would be only just
to have one half of the expenses paid by the Prep.
School.

The base-ball team is as follows: Catcher,
Enyard, Capt.; pitcher, Deshler; rst base, Geo.
Ludlow; 2nd base, Van Dyck; short stop, Run-
yon; third base, Van Slyke; left field, Ballagh ;
centre field, Wills; right field, English; sub.,
Scudder.

PRAYER OF MARY OF SCOTLAND.

FOTHERINGAY CASTLE,

O Lord God most Holy,
My hope is in Thee !
O blessed Christ Jesus
Come, liberate me !
From chains and from prison,
My prayers have arisen,
Uplitted to Thee.
With moaning and groaning,
For my sins atoning,
I adore, I implore Thee,
O Lord, set me free ! B..

 

—o—__

IN CRUCE SALUS.

The organ sobs its inarticulate woe,
Filling with sound the chancel’s lofty height ;
The priests, in penitential vestments dight,
Before the altar stand, and bending low,
They chant the Miserere sad and slow.
Bat from a window, up far out of sight,
A sunbeam streams, and in its crimson light
The cross shines over all with mystic glow.

When in this dark world, full of toil and grief,
The heart is bowed beneath its weight of care,
Disconsolate with haunting sense of loss,
In vain it looks below for its relief,
Nor can it find its solace anywhere
Save in the mystic splendor of the Cross.

NEW YORK vs, NEW JERSEY.
NCE more the representatives of old New York
have vindicated theif superiority over the
sons of New Jersey. On Thursday, May 14, the
New York ball team met and vanquished the New

Jersey aggregation by a score of 33 to 15. The
game was full of brilliant plays and fumbling

errors. Only six innings were played.“ Straw-
berry” made some fine sprints after the flying
sphere. “ Wooly” covered first base in good
shape. “Old Jamaica” played a fine game.

“ Holmdel” was well represented. No particu-
lar mention can be made of the other players,
though they did remarkably well. After supper
the New York fellows took the Jerseyites to Bates’
and each member of the team treated his oppon-
ent who played the same position on the other
team to a collation of ice cream or strawberry
short cake. After this the boys of Jersey treated
the boys of iow Amsterdam to soda and cigars.

Score by innin| innings. . | 1 | 2] 314151 6—Total.
New Vork.......- 131311315 [2 | 7—33 _
New Jersey. wiaapesereee 1312| 2|5|4| 2-15

Karned runs—New York 2. Two base hits—
Tilton, Collier. Three base hits—Walser, Col-
lier, Schneider, Stilson. Home runs—Rottger, 2;
H. C. Cook, Ballagh. Hit by ball—Johanknecht,
2; Schneider, Johnson, Walser. Wild pitches—
H. C. Cook, 4; Stilson, 3. Struck out by H. Cc.
Cook, 6 ; by Stilson, 4

Umpire, Mr. I. Enyard.
The Argo.

PRIMARY COLUMN.

EDITORS:

C. T, COWENHOVEN, Joun W. METTLER,

 

THE ATTRACTIONS AT WASHINGTON.

Washington is a very interesting place to
visit.

At the Navy Yard one cau see many old ean-
non such as were formerly used in war, and that
have been collected as relics of important bat-
tles. New ones are being built on the latest
models.

War ships are also being constructed to
strengthen the Naval Department.

There are so many wonderful things to be
seen at the Smithsonian Institute, it would be
impossible to mention them, but the most in-
teresting to me was the manufacture of silk,

At the Botanical Gardens every variety of
plants, shrubs and flowers are cultivated.
There are orchids, palms, ferns and all com-
mon plants.

The process of fish hatching may be seen at
the Fish Commission. The eggs are placed in
automatic glass jars filled with water, and so
arranged that as soon as the fish hatch they
pass into the tanks. They are transported to
different parts of the United States to stock the
rivers and streams.

Other attractions are the Corcoran Art Gal-
lery, the American Museum, and last, but not
least, the great Capitol building in which Con-
gress assembles, C.6.6,

 

FIRST BASE BALL GAME.

NE of the most interesting events of the
primary department was the game played
May 2 between the D Class of the Rutgers Col-
lege Preparatory School and the Metuchens,
Following were the members of the clubs :

R.C. P. S.—J, B. Kirkpatrick, s, s3; L. Run-
yon, Capt.; W. Auton, 3d b: C, Runyon, 2d b,;
Van Dyck, c; J. K. Rice, ist bs R. W. Booth,
1. f.; Howell, p.; Chas, Cowenhoven, c. f.

Metuchen—Dimmon, c.; Giles, rst b.; Clark-

|

ee

son, I. £; Moore, Capt.; Randolph, 2q b.; Frank
s. s.; Martin, 3d b.; Powers, p.; Corbin, rp

Umpire, Enyard.

The Metuchens played very well until the fi
inning, when there was a change and the Tung
were made by the R. C. P. S. Before  thig the
score was one or two runs and twenty for the
Metuchen side, but after this the R. Cp, S.
caught up, and by the time of the seventh inning
the score was 21 to 20 and none out,

Howell then knocked a home Tun, but the
Metuchens would not give it because he neglected
to touch third base. After this the Metuchen
club went home and the umpire gave the R. C, p,
S. the game by a score of 9 to 0,

In all probability the game would have been
won by the R. C. P. S. club had it been played
out. Great regret was expressed because of the
unfinished game, but we will have a chance to
finish one with them before long.

J. W. Merrier

LATER VICTORIES,

()* Thursday afternoon, May aust, the school
team defeated the Freshman team by a score

of 17 ta 1.

game,

In the game played on Saturday morning, May
23d, with the Pingry team a grand victory was
won by the home team, and the Pingry’s returned
home vowing that they would not play another
game this year. The score was 23 to 4.

The Freshmen played a wretched

PERSONALS.
John Derr will not return to school until
next fall.

Mildred Davis who returned to school last
week, was taken sick with the mumps on the
12th.

Tred Nelson is suffering from the rheumatism,
but it is hoped that he will soon return to school.

William J. ennings has not yet recovered from
the whooping cough,

 

SCHOLAR translating Anabasis—“ And the

Greeks formed theraselves into a rectangular hol-
low quadrilateral ”
The

PERSONAL.

R. B. Littell, 90, will enter college in the fall.

Tue inmates of the * Trap” were photographed
by Clark on May ath.

“Dave” is now the regular scorer of the base-
pall aggregation, and “ Strawberry ” is the hoodoo.

Cot. A. M. HARDENBERG, a former pupil, now
of Peekskill Military Academy, lately paid a visit
to the school.

T, §, L. SEAMAN spent the night of the 2nd at
the “Trap.” It did the old boys good to see
«Tommy ” about again among them.

J. G. says that tempus fugit would be a good
motto for ‘91, considering the procrastinating pro-
pensities of the class.

Tue yellow ribbon club has now developed into
the white cap club. It looks very “sweet,” as the
school girl would say, to see the five immaculate
yachting caps hanging in a row in the hall.

On April 2gth the base-ball team while up on
the “ Trap” grounds indulged in a game of foot-
ball with a lot of scrubs. It seemed natural to
hear the familiar cries, and really the weather was
as good for foot-ball as for base-ball.

SEVENTEEN “ Rats” went up to Somerville on
the 2d of May to see the game between the Col-
lege *Varsity and the West Ends. In spite of the
defeat of the college nine the fellows were in high
spirits and had a good time, as they should on
such a fine spring day.

On Sunday, the 3rd, “Pop” had a Sunday
school class of three youngsters in one of the mis-
sion schools. He said they were nice and quiet,
and he got very much interested in teaching them.
His ardor was somewhat dampened, however,
after Sunday school, when a lady who knew more
about the scholars than the person who asked him
to take the class, informed him that the children
were Germans and did not understand a word of
English.

Our travelers, “ Ma” and Jennings, walked to
Hightstown when the ball team played Peddie at
that place.

Vacation will soon be here,

Argo.

|
4

~
we

SXCHANGES.
Berea owing to a lack of space and also

on account of other reasons, we have given
our exchanges only one brief notice during the
past year. It has been a decidedly sad omis-
sion, for if there is anything an editor of a
school paper enjoys, it is seeing the criticisms
made by other pupers upon his work, and we
wish to afford our share of pleasure to others.

Our exchange list is not large. but as Tue
Argo grows older we trust that the list may
grow longer proportionally. We invite any
school paper to exchange with us, and shall try
to do our share in the courtesies of the ex-
change. This time we ean but mention our ex-
changes in a general way, but hope that here-
after each number may be criticised as to its
merits individually.

Taking our exchanges in order we first come
to our Baptist friend from Hightstown, the
Peddie Chronicle. This is by far the oldest
paper on our exchange list, being now in its
twentieth volume. As might be expected in a
publication of such age, the Chronicle is a solid,
attractive paper, with little nonsense, and is al-
ways welcomed and read with interest.

Our sister, The Targum of Rutgers College,
ranks next, being eleven years old. It is pub-
lished fortnightly. We wish that it had a
little more life and enterprise, but think that we
can notice an improvement lately in that re-
spect. We congratulate it upon the new cut
upon its cover.
ment.

That is certainly an improve-

The Advocate, of the Livingston Avenue
High School, this city, is in its ninth volume.
After the rabid and cutting notice “To Our
Exchanges” in the February number we are
even inclined to doubt Lhe Advocate’s desire to
exchange with other papers, and certainly fear
to make any comment upon it. We sincerely
hope that it may get over és attack of * big
head.”

The Quill, of Stupleton, Staten Island, is in
its fifth volume. It has a very attractive cover,
fine press work, a very courteous tone, and is a'-

 

 
The Argo.

74

together a fine sample of a bright, model school

paper.

The Reveille, of the P
demy, is in its fourth year.
paper of a somewhat poetic and yet de 3
military character, published every quarter.
Remarkable to state, it has no advertisements.
We should like to be initiated into the mystery
of its existence, as even with the aid secured
from advertisers, in our case we find it difficult
to make the ends meet comfortably.

The Vidette, of the Hudson River Institute
and Claverack College, is two years old. It is
hardly as military in tone as its name and cover
would indicate. It is somewhat sedate, but has
in it solid worth and much of interest. The
article on “Ancient Claverack” in the March
number especially attracted our notice.

Our gray covered friend, the A B CU Monthly,
of the Misses Anables’ school, 66 Bayard Street,
this city, is also in its second volume. We
have a peculiar regard for it as it is about the
same age as Tur Arco, and we have many
interests in common with it. It is a very clever
paper, some of its articles being remarkably
bright and original. We can only wish that the
paper were larger and the articles longer.

The /igh School Herald, of Jersey City, is a
paper which reflects great credit upon those
connected with it. It is in its first volume, so
Tue Arco is its senior. It has more reading-
matter than any other of our exchanges. Even
if it is a meritorious paper, we think it has no
right to feel exalted and say of its elder:
“Tue Arco hails from New Brunswick, the
home of Zhe Advocate. It would be a good
idea for the two to consolidate and thus make
a first-class paper.” ‘Pride goeth,” ete., our
dear contemporary — but I suppose that we
should be thankful that we are judged to be
half as good as a “first-class paper.”

The High School Advance, of Salem, Mass.,
which is in its first volume, is our only exchange
from “down east.” It is starting nobly in its
literary life, and we wish it every success and
not as many rocks as we have bad to encounter.

The Eeho, of Camden Academy, N. Y., is our
youngest exchange, having published only three
numbers. In spite of its youth it has nothing
of which to be ashamed, and we wish it long life
and great prosperity.

eekskill Military Aca-
Tt is an excellent
cidedly

|

SQUEAKS.

A man-of-war—An-ark-ist.

« Don'd you got somedings for me ?”

Who chased “Stuffy” by the candy shop ?
The Kickapoo.

Why is a dog-wood tree like a dog ?

Because they both have a bark.

A game with the “ scrub” may be called a
“brush” quite appropriately.

“ Simon” reported that “‘Pete’ made a home
run on Enyard’s hit,” in a game with the college.

“Snid” said the trouble with his sentence on
the board was that it had “ only one punctuation.”

A poem:

*« Little boys
Must not have toys.”"—A Prof.

Monday morning, after the class has recited.
Prof.—“ A Monday morning of the usual charac-
ter!”

The following pun will be appreciated by
“Pete's” friends: ‘* When there’s a Wills, there’s
a way.”

An “A” class historian recently expatiated upon
Pepsin, the Short; and another one upon Jfiss
de Mediky.

C.—“ Hello, E
this morning ?

E.—* Rats !”

“ Wooly” (reading a novel in study hour) as the
fellows make a racket—* Prof., I can’t study with
so much noise in the room.”

, have you seen your friends

 

“Pop” excitingly bursting mto L.’s room:
“Give me your opera glass, L——, I want to
look at a girl going across the field.”

*“Snid” was visited by 52 June bugs one even-
ing last week. “A pretty good bug-inning for the
summer’s work,” a Prof. remarked.

Solomon—* Professor, that fire was caused by a
cigarette thrown out of the window.”

Prof.—“ Moral: Never smoke cigarettes.”

Why doesn’t Treasurer “ Ma”
Canada?

Because she never uses “ French ” (slang of du-
bious character.)

Stout skip to
The

 

This is what a Prof. asked A the other
lay: “ When does the Blain (brain) know what to
Aan" “When he is in office.”
do?

prof. to class—

S.! Nothing.”
Well, don’t mention it.”

The answer was +

“ What is it ?”

Prof.—

It is rumored that a young gentleman in the R.
c. P.S. is pretty far gone on a certain young lady
in a boarding school in this city.

It’s mutual.

Here are two characteristic excuses for not get-
ting In till after at 10 night: “Josh” said he
« didn’t hear the bell” and “Solomon” pitifully
stated that he “had been locked out.”

Dr. knocking at the door of No. 5 about mid-
night—* Why is your light burning at this time of
night ?” .

Our naturalist just returned from the social—

“ Watching the butterflies, Dr.”
A poetic gem:
The team went down to Princeton
For to play a game of ball,
But when they arrove,

Though hardly they strove,
They didn’t get there at all.

We wonder why it is that the boys all wish the
return game with Peddie to be played at Hights-
town.

Ir has often been remarked how quiet and
orderly the fellows are in chemistry class !

We are gradually nearing that period of the year
when the scholars begin to look anxious.

BaLLaGu, who was compelled to go home on
account of sickness, has returned.

Tur Senior Class had their pictures taken on
May the 18th.

Tue Glee Club was greatly appreciated the
other night.

Our base-ball team has at last gained a victory.

“Do you vas got a rubber ?”

Argo,

“I
wn

THE GREAT

Atlantic and Pacific

Tea Co.,

————- IMPORTING RET AILERS IN

TEAS, COFFEES,
Baking Rewder

And CONDENSED MILK,

Cor, Peace & Church 5is,.

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Pioneers in the business, and only Importers,
Coffee Roasters and Manufacturers dealing di-
rect with customers. °

bes"200 Stores in the United States.

) {
| {

| | |
|

eee & *

|
|

|
||

|
|
|
|
|
{

The reputation that the clothes
of our make has earned during the
past 35 years is sufficient guaran-
tee as to their being stylish, sub-
stantial and reasonable in price,
both in custom and ready-made.

Special:
We keep a full line Try our $1.90 Derby,
and our
$3.00 Shoes.

A. WOLFSON & SONS,
Largest Outfitters in the State,
328-330 Burnet Street,
New Brunswick, N. J.

of Sporting Goods on
hand.
The Argo.

| SHOES OF ANY DESCRIPTION |

£9 ty

YOUNG MEN, LOOK! Wm. H. Coope,

GHuRCH STR HET.
Shoes you may wish for. Give him a call ,
er Prices Low. and a a

dA ulgers 4] allege, =

New Brunswick, N. J.

Term opened September 17th, 1890.

SLOAN PRIZES

For rue Best (Crasstca) TENTRANCE Examina-
rioxs : First, $400 ($100 cash) ; Second, $350

When you wan
» te
: §,

25
any kind of

cent sception, and
Base Ball, Tennis, Recey do you good. iN

SUOINaA Esa c ok

  

($50 cash).

Twenty Professors, No tutors. ‘The classical course 18 ample and
thorough. ‘Elective course in History, Philosophy, Greek, Latin, _
German, French, Hebr Sanskrit, Mathematics, Astronomy, Chem- AT
istry, Physics and English Literature in Junior and Senior years, ——At——

The Scientific Department is the’ New Jersey ard @>. a
State College. 50 Free Scholarships. Har ding & Mansfield'g

Apply to your County Superintendent of Education, or to the

ppl.
President of the College. :
A Practical Scientific School of High Grade. Three Courses of

oo pears each—" Engineering and Mechanics," “ Agriculture aud I ac tory an d Re tail Store
wemistry..””
A New Course in Electricity. | 9 PEAL on — ’

Thorough work, with careful field practice in Engineering and
Surveying. Careful Laboratory work in Chemistry, with full appa-

Fale ior oecit sacs nt. A well-equipped Astronomical Observatory —_—_—_
A New $40,000 Laboratory | GYMNASTIC * SH OES

  

for the Chemical and Biological work of the State Auricultural Expe |
Fiment Station aud the State Colleye under th Tatch Bill" appro- IN GREAT VARIETY.
| Also, the LARGEST LINE OF FOOTWEAR

For Catalogue or for any information address Invina

8. Upsoy, Librarian, Rutgers College. IN THE CITY.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph.D.. | ee
President. :
Shoes Made to Measure.

TAPKEN 9° MILLER GEORGE J. LITTERST & C0.
Watchmakers & Jewelers, pierre so) ppyny OUTFITTERS

59 CHURCH STREET, |
New Brosswick, N. J. 52 Church Street, New Brunswick, N, J,

 

SILVER, BURDETT & CO., Publishers,

Choice NewText-Books and Helps for nearly every branch
of School and College Work.

 

NORMAIT
1 4 a
COURSE IN SPELLING, Mlustrated Catalogues mailed free to any_address, Corres
Welsh’s Grammars; Composition; Rhetoric pondence with teachers and cducators
Mac Co u's Historical Publications, nberONNEmaneicn: is eolleitec
Young Folks’ Library PEARS SOE Seay COnerne OR
Sigwubtank ; NEW YORK: 740 and 742 Broadway.
Stowell's A Healthy Body, ete, ete, CHICAGO: 123 and 124 Wabash \¢4

 
, DAVISON & Wiser y

(SUCCESSORS TO FRED B, KILMER,)

   
   
  
   

{R74 3 Noars iow, =
1 Medicines, Cigars, Cigarettes, Sod
Hawthorn, Congress, Vichy
Photographic Supplies,

70'S ant

« and Mj
hi Te Sos
ppure jpollina IS)

Mer; r,
and Other Water W aters

Et

. nN » | | Ga | a a 7 » eT @ ; a
Be nc oth ae House ay Dr Ue % | —
ope? ne MASONIC EAT IT, = Store,

 

 

    

we eS perks Garner Wirsoy.
Seer | oe ee
- O
school and College — conn co Ne
pext-Books. ue
vtext- Books. .
/ W
: . sies, Latin, Greek, Modern Languages, | : iy
: Pe ophy Mathematies, History, re ; We do Not carry second class Nien
Political Science, ete. iiit: goods in either ready-made or :
AEFERENCE 800KS FOR STUDENTS, | ::::° custom, neither do we employ :::::
..., Pfi22 second:clase iat
: te’s Latin Lexicon, Gepp & Haigh’s Latin- ee second-class men to do our : eu

a ecie Ditionay Lidell & Scott’s Greek Pili: work,

 

Lexicon, (abridged and unabridged.)

J. E. PAINTON,

Nery,

The- National-:-Music-:- Course, | G. D. McCoy, Ma:

Receutly adopted by the New Brunswick
School Board. Send for Catalogue.

GINN & COMPANY, 743 Broadway, XY. No. 51 CHURCH STREET.

 

0. 0. STILLMAN, ; | ISAAC G, BATES,

BOs
DEALER IN aye mien

— say emmy = pests | © { ( © f i
sed W. SCHLESINGER'S, alcrer and Contectioner,
Dinmonds, Gdlatehes, |

 

“ Cafe Brunswick.” Special Attention given to
Jewelry and Sterling Silver Telephone Call 18, Sipe and
2 5 : £ ay sp i ors.
; 83 CILURCIL STBEET.
{HSociety Pins of all kinds Made to Order. | No. '09 Church Street,

No. 49 Chureh Street, “ae NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
New Brunswick, N, J. | -

THOS. « KAY,
sry
Tinstos, Organs,

PA. Conte Vaonganst
DIAMONDS,

HATCHES AND TINE JEWELEY,

society and Class Pins,
Avent for COLUMBIA BICYCLES and BL

‘. ; BB. Te Ae et

CYCLE SUNDRuRS. McDede’s Livery, | 44 Church Street,

\ 47 : D VE.
No. 21 Feace olreet, |283 29 EASTON A

 

NEW. BRUNSWICK, N, J.

 

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J. Elegant Turnouts always Clean.
 

 

 

igtt Cir ry -
Eck t
Auitqers dj ollene [lveparatory School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

Fouxpep 1766.

 

 

 

Next Quarter Begins September 16th, 1891.
E, H. COOK, A. M., Ph.D., Head Master.

 

INSTRUCTORS.
1890-94:

WALTER R. NEWTON, A. B.,

E, H. COOK, A. M., Pu. D.,
Latin Master.

Head Master.
BYRON CUMMINGS, A. B., W. Il. VAN ALLEN, Pu. B., CLARA P. NEWTON. A.B.,
Greek Master. English Master. French and Mathematics,
MISS ESTHER A. ANDREWS,
Principal, Primary and Intermediate Departments,
MISS SUSAN C. MORRIS, MISS ELOISE A. TROTT, MISS EMILY TERRY HARDING,
Instructors in Primary and Intermediate Deparbinents.
While the careful preparation for Colleges and Scientific Schools will be, its chief aim; attention will also be paid to students desiring to pre-

pare for business. i
The number of pupils at the “ Home” is limited, and each boy will receive individual attention and care.

ADMISSION.

Pupils will be received at any time and assigned to the classes in which they can most successfully prosecute their work. It is earnestly
prged, however, both for the individual and the class, that pupils enter promptly at the beginning of the year or quarter. The class work will begin

promptly at the opening of school.
Each pupil will Dring with him a certificate of good moral character from the last school he attended, or from the pastor of the church he bas

attended.
RELIGIOUS EXERCISES.

The aim of the school is not only sound scholarship, but the development of Christian Character as well. On Sunday the pupils of the Pre
paratory School worship with the Students and Faculties of Rutgers College and the New Brunswick Theological Se miuary, at Kirkpatrick Chape)
Attendaace at other places of worship is allowed at the request of parent or guardian,

LIBRARY.

The college authorities have very kindly, and to the great advantage of the school thrown open to the pupils of the Preparatory School
Library connected with Ratgers College. Libraries of nearly 70,000 volumes are accessible to the students. a =, : =

THE SCHOOL BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.

There are two buildings connected with the School, one in which the recitations are beld and the other in which the boys live with the Ilead
Master. These are five to Ten minutes’ walk distant from each otber, and thus insures every student some exercise in the open air.
The buildings are in a thoroughly sanitary condition, Ample grounds are provided for out-door games,

DAY PUPILS.

Many pupils residing in the cities and villages adjacent to New Brunswick attend school daily and reside at home rai Tri

; ; eae. N a . ins a

the day and special schoo! rates can be obtrined from the railroad. 7 Tt rrive at all hours of
Hot day pupils the terms of tuition are as follows :

   
   
 

First and Second Primary .cecerseeeeeces es» $8 Per Quarter. First Year Classical 1 Sctenulfe:’: : "
Third. Primary... “ow : Becbnd © sical and ceemilice : Bi ar: Quaite .
First Intermediate... 10 “ _ Third, Fourth and Fifth Years Classical aud Scienufic 18“ “

aoe (Ey il
TERMS FOR BOARDING PUPILS.

The terms for Board, furnished room, care of room, fuel, lights, tuition, etc., are $90 per te availa ceirtnely.$ s ‘
single rooms, $100 per quarter. ' ee 1 etc. are $90 per quarter, payable strictly in advance. Suites and

PRIMARY AND INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENTS.

The work in this department is designed to prepare boys of the youngest school age fo
pose fi Fel “sage . BY) we for the more advance; f > scl
of pupils is limited. 8 «lvanced work of the school. The number

Second und Third Intermediate ..-eeeseee

  

 

ecial care is taken in regare to the morals and language of each boy
For Catalogue or further information address E. HW. COOK, A. M., Ph. D., Mead Master.

 

 
