THE WEEKLY ARGO

Vol. II, No. 4 November 15, 1963

AILING ACTIVITIES PROGRAM DISCUSSED;
COMPLAINTS AND SOLUTIONS APPRAISED

by Robert, Seidel '64

Fourteen groups of students, each lead by a senior, were dele=
gated to discuss the ailing activities program on Tuesday, November
5the Wany students have stated many reasons why they can not or will
not participate in activities, but few have said why with certainty
Both transportation difficulties and after-school sports present a
preblem.

Algo, there is no prescribed conference period to clear class=
room understandings. The only time this can be done 1s during the
activities period. As a result of these three major conflicts
clubs sre desparately in need of participants; moreover soe organ-
izations are in difficulty because of conflicting interest with the
Girect. competition of other clubs; for example there may be no Glee
Club because of the Ye Dial and The Argo, due to a conflict in time.

To help settle some of the more pressing questions, President
Michael Jacobs '64 was interviewed. He felt that our club program
was definitely unsuccessful and that with the basketbali-awimmning
season which necessitate the athletes to practice in New frunswick
and thus leave the school grounds as early as possible, the olub
program will be hurt more. To alleviate these difficulties, President
Jacobs proy sed that school begin at 8:45 aome and end at 2:30. The
extra forty minutes could be used as a combination activity=-confer=
ance period as almost all the cluba can hold meetings within the
space of forty minutes except Publications.

The Argo and Ye Dial members could complete their work
schooi if necessary. To handle the inadequate transportation, a
4:30 shuttle bus to New Brunswick was also discussed for the members
of the spring athletic teams and those individuals who must work
late in school. Finally it was suggested that clubs publish explan
ations of what they intend to do. This will hold interest of the
club members and increase club membership.

 

DEBATING
TO ORGANIZE

Te the Editors CLUB VETS
LEAGUE
ihen I first came to Rutgers
Preparatory School in the eighth
grade, one of the things I cher=
ished and enjoyed waa the large
amount of personal freedom that
was granted to us. Unlike the
Junior high school I had previe
ously attended, there were not
five thousand petty rules which
regulated any action that one
could take. Sueh a quantity of

by Kathy Borrue ‘68

The Adelphi Hall Forensic Soc-
iety has wanted to form a vebating
League with other private sachools

wrote letters to many schools
ing them if they would be inter=
ested in such a league, Only \ard
law and St. Gernard replied, b
of which supported the ide

La K=

sth

h

for several years, James Callaghan '55

rules amounted to suspicion on
the part of students and facul-
ue

Though I can see the necess=-

 

ity of pome of these rules, the
thers such as the monitor sys-
te re unwarrented. There are

y ® Atudentsa whe rebel
ne eceanitate rules It le |
hene to whom Ll white. It would |

wise if they attempt to cure
tail their abuse of exiating frees
domes or soon they will find them-|
selves without any

 

 

jonjamin Pickar &

Callaghan would like to hold
a@ Student Conre

 

B with these two
schools in the coming seeks to
discusa the possibilities of or
ganizing a Debating League. He has
also written to Newark Academy
Montclair Academy, tMorristowr
Hun School, Carter
dle River Scheol inary OC
and Englewood School, mentionin
idea of a Student Concreaes and

these schools are interested.

Cont 'a De 7 .
t age 4

 
Vol. II], No. 4

_Noveuber 15, 1963

FREF BOOTERS COMPLETE WINNING SKASON

WITH SIX \INS, FIV LOSES, Th

- TES

by Jay Greengarten

The Varsity Soccer Team chalked up its biggest win of the
seuson in its final game with a 4-1 victory over a formidusle kd-
ison High Team on the Prep athletic field Monday.

The loss knocked the Bagles out of a possible tie for the

Twin County Soccer League championship.

A win would have tied

them with Jamesburg but the lrepsters played a great gage and wore

not to be denied of a wiuning season.

The Argonauts finished with

a fine 6-5-2 mask and thus became the second winning soccer squad
ever in the school, the other being the 1961 teau with a record of
6-4-4. Edison is 11-3 with at least one uore game to be played.

PREP TAKES LEaD
The contest started iwth Prep jumping to the usual quick lead

with a goal by Ray Peachey.

Pre lengtheried thelead in the second

quarter, when Ed Gorchinski scored for The Argonauts with an assis-
tance by Ray Peachey. Bhe Eagles then tallied to make the count 2-1.
It remained that way through a scorless third quarter. Gor-hinski
and Tony Montagna added insurance goals in the final quarter to cOm~
plete the scoring in the game duminated by Trep.

Ken Krafchik and Ed Huber did an outstandi.g job of checking
the Eazles' art Collazo and Chris Fessey, a pair of high sGorers.

eee
TALENTED NE SiN10R
wLAns TO Be ARTIST

by Joan Serin '68

Rutgers Frep's new senior,
Janet Falin, has serious plans
for hez future in the world of
ers. At the ase or five, Janet
started to draw as a hobby. She
slowly acquired the use of other
medis and now art is no longer
a past~time but part of her life
For many years, she has enjoyed
working in charcoal, pastels,
water color and ink. Recently
Janet began to wor in oils.

As subjects, she prefers people
and still life over landscape.

This year, Janet attends
art classes at Newark Museum of
Art on Saturdays. The class »ork
focuses on ‘useful’ art rather
than on a history or training
ja one particular field. During
the sumuers, Janet attended the
Sehool of Creative art at Morthals
Vineyar. , Massa@husetts. There

> learned to use difierent
+ of art which has helped
r to iaprove her own techniques
and enjoy her hobby uore.

As o@f now, Janet has not
entered any art exhibitions or
contests except in Linden High
School which she previously
attended but hopes to compete
ig the next oppo' tunity arises.
Next year, Janet will enter an
art college in which she will
major in Fine By having
a bread field of knowl.dge, she
can branch off ny Sypé EG
work she later upon,

  
  

ADU.

 

int.

 

decide.

DEBATING

Cont'd from Pags One
Callaghan will arrange inter-
league debates after Christmas.
The National debating to,ic,
which is decided by the Nation-
al Forensic Societ) will be
written in the paper and then
debated at Varsity level. Uatil
an official congress begins,
there will be student conferences
within the club. Students will
make up bilis .hict will be pre-
sented and voted u_on.

In the twenties and thirte
ies, Prep had cup debating with
Seton Nall Academy and Bor=
dentown Military Acadeny, Seton
Hall Hcademy has enccuraged the
idea of a Tri-School Cup Le-
bate ajain, However, the society
wants to improve ita team before
entering a cup debate. The Adel-
phi Mall Forensic Society wa
formal established last

 

 

   

and is now led by their advisor
Nr. Tinothy Maloney.
Vol. Tis No. Nor. 15, 1585

The Weekly Argo

Editor: Patricia Welzel 'S4
Staff: Bey '64, Fisher ‘64,
Cahill ‘64, Osterlund ’G4,
J. Witkin °68, dasionowski

dem

68

 

 
