THE

 

FEKL

 

  

 

Vol. I, eet Seta tit ae  PeBraaTy. B, 1965
: INTRODUCE “HE WEEKLY” “ARGS ‘pin
ces INCREASED. ‘COVERAGE OF STUDENT LIFE

4

The WookLy Argo, as origdually designed, ‘is to be a ‘one or “two ©
page weekly nowspaper published each Friday which, supplements tho
coveragé.6f the regular Argo, : Much. news. will be incorporated, “ins ©
cluding the proposed Student Council newsletter, A primary purpose’
is the recognition of many facets of student life: clubs, sports *
events, and individual students will be featurdd each week.

Letters to the Editor on any pertinent topic are welcome;
they must-.be signed, but name wilh .be withheld upon request. It
is hoped ‘that this will stimulate healthy ¢ontroversy over certain
issues; it is up to you to. make this column a lively reflection ‘of ©
student: opinion,

As an. experiment we will s6t up a "SwapeColumn" of ‘free clas~
sified. advertisements. which will be maintained if there is suffi- ‘>
cient interest. These ads are-for.the benefit of ‘any students or
feculty members who have personal requests for, for example, re- .
search materials, baby sitters, or:even girls’ -gym suits$ We are
paige al .open to. suggestions on expansion . of . our. sorvices in this

ow any areca.

It is essential that ali: ‘letters or ‘ads. ‘be’ “submitted to

Phi
the Feiday: of  uDELaA TL OBS:

 

lip. Shapiro or Joan Ehrlich: no. later than the 9 Anane aBAT before’

peqtertacce,

hs ees » SOUNCTE’ DISCUSSES INTERNATIONAL “FUND}
: a ; - PROPOSES SECOND , FACULTY STUDER UBETING

The" Student Council clarified the purpose: ‘of: the: ‘International

Fund at its January 25 meetings’

  

 

PHILOSOPHY CLUB iiEETS TO
DISCUSS: "DON ‘JUAN’ Tit: HELL"

The philosophy club; ; apons
sored by Mr. Sorrel R. Paskin, .»:
held at Philosophy open-house at
iir, Paskin's ‘home’ on January 18,
Members of the club and members
of ail of Mr. Paskints classes
ceme to discuss the-~"Don Juan in
Teli" scene from Man and Superman
Ly George ‘Berhard Shaw.

The group listened to a re-
coz4ing of “the scene dona ‘by Sir
“cdele Hardwicke, Agnes Moore» *
hee?, Charles Boyer, and Cherles
Peeves This preceded a Jively

ssion of Shaw's

Whe group inoludod in its
GiscvaEt —. Friedrich

rapt Ofsthe “Suoasrman,
Lomis one has been oe tia an
‘atcanion of many of the *héories
f .otzache, It 1s a witvy and
‘example of Shaw's view ‘of

    

 

pliilosophy, |

Nietasche's 7
+. ticinatton,and ‘Inverast ef the

 

Marc Tartletaub "63 reported to
‘ks Council that the Fund Committeé has décided that the aim of
. ¥und is: twofold; the group plans to hold abazaar' and to raise
Qh ands in order -to have an “exchange student in two years.
. year date was set because the

The twos

Council and -the ‘International

. Fund have failed to ‘raise enough
“money for -an: exchange student

next years, :
The Gouniedl ; feceees for a

‘second Faculty-Student meeting

which’ is to take place on Febru-
avy 10, ‘The purpose. of the meete
ing will be to'discuss the guid-
ance -system and .the proposed

’ schedule for the second half of

the school day. ‘

Dr. David M. Heinlein,
headmaster, suggested tq the
Council that incrodiecing the new
schedule on: a temporary basis
might ve feanible,. He svggested
thet tho astivities period might
be pladed ‘ad the end of ithe
schoo’ day to incvéade the pare
monkdvs of thevstudont bady.

To ~under's tand. student
opinigilda the subject. the Com.
Oi] afvenged the. group. discus-
si.ond which were-barrioa oS in
activitios»period ‘on: February 5,

SINK NEWARK!
Vol. 1, No. 1 Page 2 February 8, 1963

DEPLORES OPPOSITION OF THE CLASS
OF '63 TOWARD AN EXCHANGE STUDENT

Recently, at a Senfor-Class meeting, the subject of. giving .
money to support a foreign exchange student program was brought to
the floor, The class was told that some of the $325 in the class
treasury would be needed to sponsor the plan, Much to my disape
pointment, the Seniors voted to give nothing from their fund bee
cause they preferred to give a class & e The most common argu-
ment which I heard, said that the 333° W

to gain from the presence of an exchange student.
the senior gift is, the graduating class will not be Here to

fit from it,

Senior class would not be here
No’ matter what
Beno=

A tape-récorder, record player or typewritér would

be useful to a few clubs, but a foreign exchange student would

benefit the entire school,

 

WERNEN STRONG TH KELAYS,
FREESTYLE, AND BREASTSTROKE

Prep's swimming team. meets
Newark Academy today. -This is
the first meeting this year of
the twg teams, . °°.

Thus far. the team has won
one meet, lost three, and tied
twOe The individual performances
ere good, however, as are the re=
eyes The medley relay team,
“smposed of Doug Kennett, Rob
ufelt, Greg DeVido, and Ray
“2.7polo broke its record in Wed=
nesday's meet against Hun, ~

In the 200 yard individual.”
medley, Nick Rosenblum and John
Acsms are in close competition,

‘ . Abby. Taub in ‘back of them,
viian Connelly and Carl Pepper
are swimming the 200. yard freee -
style.” . : was

Zirpolo, swimming the 50
yard freestyle, has won consis=
tently, and his points have
helped the team a great deal...
The three medley men and Carl
Connolly ‘have been: alternating
in the 100 yard butterfly.

DeVido ts another frequent
winner in the 100 yard freestyle,
Swimming ‘the backstroke are Ken»
nett and Pete Schwalje, sho have
proved to be a good scoring com-
pination,. }

The surprise on the team is
liike jiorse, who swims the 400
verdad freestyle with Pete Leder-

* liorse, who has won in three
should soon break six

   
 

a

 

Th

 

  
  

ae
ufelt is fastest in the
‘“veas.°troke this year, He has
won fuur straight times.

the final event of a meet,
“9 freestyle relay, 1s swum by
hv Ferkas, Brian Commelly,
7 wirseh, and DeVido, This
cup has often closed the gap
«Fr points in close meets,

 

 

 

‘ The arguments which were
brought forth held that a foreign
student could not be happy in
Prep with the heavy work load and
the limited social life. I think
that many people do not realize
that students from foreign coun-
tries are accustomed’ to a lot of
work and want to come here be-
cause they want to. know Americans
and their way of life, The ex~
change students whom I have met
do not calculate the’ success of
their stay on the number of dates
they had while they were here,

“They want to lear English (which

they'all did very quickly) and
to experience American education,
Some people could not see
how the presence of a foreign
‘student’ could:benefit Prep, If
these people would take the trou-
ble. to: get to: know the exchange
student, they would not ask such
a question. lIfany of the foreign
exchange. students I know parti-
cipate in numerous school acti- -
» vities such as publications,
Student; Council, dance commit-
tees, and athletics because they
are’ interested in knowing many
now ‘thingsduring their ‘short
stay heros Sry
‘There is ‘also the possibility
of sending a Prep student abroad
if the school accepts: an exchange
student. I hope that future
classes will take these things
into consideration when their
turn comes to set an example,
Susanne Wintersteiner '63

,

Voll, Nol Febe 8, 1963
THE WEEKLY ARGO
Published Each Friday

Editors: Phillip Shapiro '63
Asst. Editors Joan Ehrlish '63
Staff; Diener, Kaufelt, Schaffer

 
