VOL. XVI.—No. 5

FEBRUARY, 1903

 

Published Monthly
By the Students of Rutgers College Preparatory School

New Brunswick, N. J.

 
THE ARGO.

Young Men, Look !

WHEN YOU WANT

SHOES of Every Description

GO TO

WILLIAM HM. COOPER’S,
376 George St.

Base-Ball, Gymnasium, Reception, and any kind of Shoes you may wish
for. Give him a call and he will do you good,

«. RRIOHS LOW: 00

TIMES PUBLISHING COMPANY,

409 GEORGE ST., New Brunswick, N. J.

& FINE JOB PRINTING %&

Of Every Description.

 

 

THE SHOE OF THE SEASON

OUR “SWELL”
$3.50.

In patent leather, wax calf, box calf
and vici kid.

Harding & Mansfield’s

BIG SHOE HOUSE,

  

9 PEACE ST. New BRUNSWICK.

P. J. YOUNG DRY GOODS GOMPANY,

We call your attention ta ourNRESS G00DS & SILKS Carpets, Mattings and Rugs.

In all the Newest Weaves and Colorings.

 

Linoleums and Oil Cloths,

SUITS AND JACKETS, pA LDR, ae Lace, Tapestry and Velour Curtains.

P. J. Young Dry Goods Co., 27 ©HURCH STREET.

The only advertisements we accept are those of honest firms.

 
THE ARGO. 67

A eee,

JEWELER

SUCCESSOR TO
TAPKEN & MILLER.

Cor. Church and Neilson Sts.

 

 SLEWARTS HABERDASHERY,

Caps, Drill Gloves and Fine Furnishings.

| Sole Agent Young’s Hats and Monarch Shirts,

CHURCH STREET,

NO. 29,

 

BOOKS AND

WA Ge),

STATIONERY.

SCHOOL, OFFICE AND GENERAL STATIONERY SUPPLIES OF EVERY
DESCRIPTION.

880 GEORGE STREET,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.

 

0. 0. STILLMAN,
JEWELER AND OPTICIAN.

Diamonds, Watches and Sterling Silver. Society Pins
Made ‘to Order, Card Engraving and Wedding
Invitations.

45 CHURCH STREET.
FIRST CLASS BOOT BLACK PARLOR

For Ladies and Gentlemen.
ALL SHINES 5 CENTS.
Polish and Shoe Laces for sale,
Dominic Cupoli & Company,
405 GEORGE SEREET.

CLARK, PHODSRARHER
9 YESRES WANTS

PNA

355 George St., New Brunswick.

L. VOLKERT,
Nierchant Tailor,

859 GEORGE STREET,
New Brunswick, N. J,

 

EXONS & SABKER,
Successors to Nevius & Co.

New Brunswick’s Agents for Spalding'’s Sweaters and
general sporting goods,

CLOTHIERS AND FURNISHEARS,
1 Paterson Block, New Brunswick, N. J.

 

Jacob Weber,
MERCHANT - TAILOR,

4I7 George St.

 

Rutgers Prep. School students are advised to patronize the firms that advertise in The Argo.
THE ARGO.

68

HE wt:

RANDOLPH STUDIO,

319 George Sireet.
SPECIAL RATES TO STUDENTS

Telephone 46.

EVERYTHING THE BEST.

P.H.SUYDAM,

GROCER,
MONUMENT SQUARE.

STUDENTS’ OASIS.

When you are on Somerset Street, opposite Rutgers
Prep. School, drop in at No. 112 and get a delicious
quick lunch, Ice Cream in season, and tine Candies
always on hand, A first class stock of students’ supplies.

Don’t firget the number,

112 SOMERSET STREET.

Ernest Dever,

 

EB. MH. WIKOFF,

CATERER, CONFECTIONER.

FANCY CAKE BAKER
SOCIETY AND CLASS SUPPERS A SPECIALTY

10g, 111, 113 Church St.

 

WILLIAM GAUB,
Meats and Sausages,
Cor Easton Ave. and Prosper St.

Telephone Cull, 2114. New Brunswick, N J.

RUTGERS COLLEGE

AND

Rutgers Scientific School,

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
THE CLASSICAL DEPARTMENT,

Leading to the Degree of A. B., is Broad and Thorough,
and by a revision and enlargement of the curriculum,
unusual facilities tor Elective Courses throu hone ee
Junior and Senior _years.in Latin, Greek, English,
French, German, Higher Mathematics, Astronomy,
History, Political science, Philosophy, Physics, '
Chemistry and Biology.
The Trustees of Rutgers College have recently established
a four years’ course of instruction, to be known as the Latin
Scientific Course, which will lead to the degree of Bachelor

of Letters (Litt, B.). 5

‘The general regulations affecting admission by examina.
tion or by certificate, as printed on pages 21 and 22 of the
catalogue of Rutgers College for 1900-1901, will apply to thig
additional course of instruction.

THE SCIENTIFIC DEPARTMENT.

isthe New Jersey State College for the benefit of Agricul-

ture and the Mechanic Arts.
There are five full courses, each leading to the first degree

in science, 3
. A Course in Agriculture.
. A Course in Civil Engineering and M. chanics,

2.
8. A Course in Chemistry.
4, A Course in Electricity.
5, A Course in Biology.
THE PLAN OF
COLLEGE EXTENSION.
has been enlarged. Additional courses of lecturesin various
branches of science and literature are offered and will be
given throughout New Jersey, at_such centres as may
arrange with the Secretary of the Extension Department,

Prof. Louis Bevier, Jr. 5
For catalogues and other information, address IRVING

8. UPSON, Registrar.
AUSTIN SCOTT, Ph. D., LL. D., President.

A FINE COMPLETE LINE OF..........

Gents’, Ladies’ and Children’s

-SHOES.-

AT LOWEST PRICES,

WILLIAM J. SENG,

48 EASTON AVE.

A Full Line of Athletic Shoes.
Repairing Neatly Done.

 

When patronizing the stores advertised in our columns please mention The Argo.
Ly

 

BAT GO

 

 

Vou. XIV.

New Brunswick, N. J., FEBRUARY, 1903.

No. 5

 

 

The Argo.

Published Monthly During the School Year, by the
RUTGERS COLLEGE PREPARATORY SCHOOL.

Entered in the Post Office as Second Class Matter.
Printed by The Times Publishing Company.

<>

BOARD OF EDITORS:

A. JOYCE KILMER, ’04,
Editor-in-Chief,

 

 

 

MARGARET 8. COOK,"
FREDERICK A. RULLMAR, °0e { Literature.

MARY GILLESPIE, '06
THOMAS F. PHINNY, oy
MARGARET SCOTT,’

T. DUDLEY WOODBRIDGE, ‘04 | Alumniana.
RALPH P. BADEAU, "04

PAUL E, MCOHESNEY, 03 f Athletics.
ALAN D. acne Jr. Annex News.

peancs S HANS. 38 +03 { Business Managers.

\ News.

 

 

Subscription price, per year, 75 cents

All communications shouid be addressed to the Editor-in-
Chief, R.C. P.S., New Brunswick, \. J., and must be
accompanied with the name of the author.

Correspondents will confer a great favor by writing on
one side of he paper only.

Officers of the school, students, and alumni are most
cordially invited to contribute.

 

 

It is a favorite amusement with some people
to bewail the degeneracy of this present age,
and to speak with grateful reverence of the
days long since gone by. Everything nowa-
days, they claim, is far inferior to what it was
thirty or forty years ago. According to these
critics, in former ears the men were more man-
ly, the women more womanly, the watermelons
sweeter, the wheat crop larger, the soldiers
braver, the cream richer, the ministers more
eloquent, the students more industrious, the
standard of literature higher and the taxes less
in eighteen seventy than in nineteen three.

Not even the weather is able to escape unfa-
vorabl comment. ‘“ Where,” they say, ‘

the hot summers and the cold winters we used
to have? What miserable imitations the sea-
sons are in these times! There is not a month
in the whole year that really does his duty!”

 

In regard to that last statement, we have
something to say. We admit that December
is damp, foggy and miserable, that January is
nothing but a succession of frosts and thaws,
but that no month does his duty we deny.
‘There is one month who does all that he can
to sustain the family reputation. And that
month is February. He knows that he is
a winter month, and he always endeavors, with
all the power he possesses, to live up to his
name. He acts in a way that shames the pre-
tensions of all his brothers. Not for him are
the sudden changes of January nor the cold
mists of December. True winter weather
does he give from start to finish. Blizzards,
wind storms and zero weather are his delights.
We may not all appreciate the benefits Febru-
ary bestows upon us, but, at least, we may all
honor him as a month that does his duty.

 

Ar the time of writing this, there remains
but a little over four months of the school
year. February, March, April, May, and a
part of June—then vacation. But how much
must be crowded into those few months! Two
sets of examinations, the Lane speaking con-
test, the annual Prep. School play, the Easter
vacation and the baseball season, the com-
mencement exercises, the Senior banquet, to
say nothing of the multitude of lessons to be
learned, recited and (perhaps) made up before
the day comes when, for a few short months,
we forsake work for pleasure.
THE ARGO.

7oO

Tum recent events which compelled us to
use the Annex Building for our recitations,
while they caused some discomfort, were not
without their advantages. The Prep. School
students who were once pupils at the Annex
felt something akin to a feeling of sentiment
as we revisited the scenes of our youthful edu-
cation and sat before the desks we used so
many years ago—ages, it seems to us. When
we were first brought to school we used to
stay most of the time in the rooms upstairs
(then used as a sort of a kindergarten), where
Prof. Burr taught his classes during our recent
visit. The larger children, downstairs, seemed
to us to be beings to be looked up to literally
and figuratively, while the students in the
main School Building were creatures we held
in awe far more than we did our parents and
instructors. We fear that the younger Annex
pupils of to-day have no such ideas, for all
things are different now from what they were
in ninety-five. But we will not pursue this
theme longer, for fear me may fall into the er-
ror mentioned in the first paragraph of this
issue,

THE TANTALUS OF LIFE.

A youth came down the road. His hear-
ing was alert, and his step springy. He
smiled now and then as his eyes rested on a
figure just ahead—a figure emblazoned with
the attributes which his own imagination had
placed upon it—a figure which held in its
goverance all things desired. Ah! it was so
near! It seemed to him that he could almost
touch it by stretching forth his hand. And
then the youth threw back his head and
laughed from pure joy. It was early morning,
the way was pleasant and he was very young,
and very, very sure.

* * * * *

At noon a man, in all the strength and vigor
of his prime, had taken the place of the
youth. But he, like the youth, kept his eves
on the figure ahead—a figure which bore all
that he coveted. Somehow he did not have
so much confidence as the youth had had. ‘The

path seemed longer and the figure unkind,
But lo, even as he brooded over its coldness,
it turned, and held out to him four priceless
gifts. ‘The man grasped them eagerly, but
alas! they were spiritual gifts and lacked the
outward show of splendor which belonged to
that which he desired. In his haste to over-
take the figure, he dropped them, one by one,
along the wayside.
* * * * *

In the evening it was an old man who tot-
tered along the road, pressing feverishly on-
ward, ever onward, after the figure ahead.
Would it never grant him the boon he craved?
Suddenly the figure turned and the old man
snatched greedily at the glittering prize it of-
fered him, namely, wealth and fame. At last
had come the realization of his desires! and
he held it close. But soon an overwheiming
despair rose within him, and he bowed his
head on his breast. Then he realized that with-
out the gifts he had scorned on the way, fame
and wealth were but empty names. And what
were those gifts? They were friendship, love,
and content. The old man became very sad,
and his heart ached for all that he had lost, for
a youth and manhood that might have been
so different. Then he lifted his head, and gazed
wistfully back along the road he had traveled ;
but night was almost upon him, and it was too

late to turn back. 03.

ALUMNIANA.

Mr. Charles Deshler, who at one time at-
tended this school, recently read another pa-
per on “ Vanished Things of My Time” be-
fore the Historical Club.

Charles Covenhoven is an instructor at Cut-
ler School, New York City.

Sanger Carleton, ‘ot, is representing his
firm at the St. Louis Exposition.

C. Wilber, ’o0o, is one of the leading candi-
dates for the Rutgers Gym. team this fall.

J. G. Mason, ’ot, and H. L. Carpender, ’or,
THE ARGO. 71

responded to toasts at the Sophomore banquet
at Rutgers College.

N. Wilber, ’o1, a former “ Senior Editor ”
of this paper, is on the Targum Board this
term.

George Kuehnle, ’o1, is in business at Atlan-
tic City.

T. A. Devan, ’02, will probably be a mem-
ber of the Rutgers Gym. team this year.

'§. A. Van Vechten, ’o2, was married to
Miss Bernadetta Moore on January 15 at the
home of the bride’s parents, on Hamilton
street, this city. Mr. and Mrs. Van Vechten,
who wlil reside at Catskill, N. Y., were mar-
ried by Rev. J. A. O’Grady, of St. Peter’s
Church.

Francis Tate, ex-’03, is now employed by
the Mahtuskek Piano Company.

 

ANNEX NOTES.
WHY THE PINE TREE IS SAD.

Long, long ago, I lived on an island in the
sea. The waves played at my feet and I was
very happy.

The winds grew jealous of our happiness
und blew away from me the germs of life. My
seeds sprang up again, but on foreign soil.
They were the same shape and color as I was,
but they were very sad from memories of the
good times they had had.

When a slight breeze blows through the pine
tree’s branches it makes a murmuring sound
like the rippling of a brook, but when a strong
east wind blows it makes a moaning sound like
that of a storm-tossed sea. It is the impris-
oned spirit of the pine tree Jonging for the
waves. Lambert Myers.

BEFORE THE FOOTLIGHTS.

During the week ending January thirty-
first, the Bennett-Moulton Company presented
a series of popular dramas at Shortridge’s
Theatre. The company carry good stage set-
tings and always draw a full house when they
play in this city. One of their best produc-
tions was “ Darkest Russia,” which they gave

on the evening of January twenty-seventh.
Although several of the minor parts could
have been improved, still the clever work dorte
by William Freeman as Col. Septimus Cobb,
and the excellent performance of Miss Grayce
Beebe (who took the part of the Countess Von
Rhineberg) more than made up for the slight
deficiencies in the work of some of the rest of
ithe company. In the vaudeville specialties
Miss Beebe proved herself an attractive singer
as well as a charming actress.

SCHOOL NOTES.

We began our new year well by having the
boiler burst. The Annex pupils had to be sent
home while we occupied the building. The
difficulty was that the Preparatory School is
considerably larger than the Annex, and there
was such an overflow of students that even
the attic was titilized.

The desks had evidently been made for the
use of small people, and it was especially hard
for a tall person to sit in a small desk with a
bench under it for the feet.

Every one seemed to be crowded into the
small space in the halls between recitations,
and on the first day about half were asking
where his or her recitation room was.

Although there were some discomforts, such
as not having recess, it was a novelty, and we
were glad to get out of the ordinary routine of
school life.

While the school was in the Annex the
chapel exercises were discontinued.

COBWEBS.
THE RETURNED VALENTINE.

(1.) A young man, tall and handsome, sat be-

side an open grate.

With eyes bedimmed he read a note, that
told him of his fate.

“ Dear Jack,” it ran, “ we now must part
—I marry Frank to-night,

T send you back your letters, may you
soon forget me quite.”

He sadly turned the letters o’er, with
72

trembling hands and slow.

A breeze from through the window one

paper down did blow.

He stooped and picked it up, and, as he
scanned it o’er and c’er,

He saw it was a valentine he’d sent her
long before.

(Cho.) Just a faded valentine, dear to him it

seemed.

It had touched the hands of her, of whose
face he dreamed.

From his heart there rose a sigh, full of
love divine.

To his lips he pressed the poor, faded
valentine.

The years rolled by, the weight of age
was heavy on him laid.

“He's failing fast, and soon,” they said,
“his life’s debt must be paid.”

His form was bent, his hair was white,
but still his heart was true

To her who in the days gone by, his
young affections knew.

And often when the moon shone bright,
he’d rise from out his rest,

And kneeling down, he would unlock a
little oaken chest.

And from it then with vev’rend hands,
while burning tears did flow,

He’d take a token of the maid he’d
loved so long ago.

(2.)

Just a faded valentine, dear to him it
seemed.

It had touched the hands of her, of whose
face he dreamed.

From his heart there rose a sigh, full of
love divine.

To his lips he pressed the poor, faded
valentine.

Cho.

MAtLacut SINCLAIRE.

THE YORKSHIRE DAIRY FARM,

When the birds begin to twitter,
In the early summer morn,

THE ARGO.

And the sun is slow arising,
O’er the hill beyond the corn,
All the world is hushed and quiet,
Free from sorrow and alarm,
Nature seems to send her blessing
To the Yorkshire dairy farm.

As the meadow bars are lowered,
O’er the dew-besprinkled grass,

All the kine in slow procession
To the milking stable pass.

And the milkmaid somes a-singing
With the pail upon her arm.

Oh! who would not choose to linger
On the Yorkshire dairy farm.

Though the folk seem coarse and simple,
Yet their hearts are good and true.
There are no more honest people
’Neath the sky’s cerulian hue.
Do not talk of other countries,
For to me they have no charm,
When I live again in mem’ry
On the Yorkshire dairy farm.
MALACHI SINCLAIRE.

THROUGH THE SURF.

Did you ever go into the surf? Not the way
some do, who on a smooth, sandy beach stand
itimidly clinging to a rope, while the spent edge
of a wave gently curls around feet and ankles,
thus kept quite safe from any further danger.
No, I mean venturing out through the bound-
ing billows, in a little rowboat, so little that
the waves all around seem a good deal bigger
than you do, and seem to be trying to get on
board your boat, and take the trip with you!
Did you ever do that?

I have; and it was quite an experience! I
went with a fisherman who knew all about it,
and was in the habit of going daily through
the surf to his work. He seated me in the
stern, while he occupied the middle thwart,
with his oars in his hands. ‘Two of his friends
then pushed our boat down the sand, to the
edge of the water. There we waited until an
unusually large wave came and had shot past
    
 

us. Then, at a word from my oarsman, they
_ gave the boat a great shove, and the receding
_ wave catried us down and out, into the whirl-
_ ing surf. For a moment we seemed to be mo-
_tionless; then a big “ comber” was seen rap-
_ idly approaching, and it looked to my inex-
_ perienced eyes as if he were going to “catch
it.” But instead, it caught us! Slipping un-
_ der the bow of our boat, it lifted it up, so that
_we seemed to be going to stand on end; then,
with a fascinating “swish” it rapidly passed
to the rear, and left us in quiet water again.
_ A few more strokes of the oars and we would
be beyond the breakers, and safely out at sea.
But just then I saw a wave coming toward
us from one side, instead of being directly in
front, as the others had been. I shouted at
my fisherman : “ Look out; there comes one! ”
But almost before he had time to look any-
where, the wave struck us. It was a little
wave and only spattered us a little with its
spray. It was heavy enough, however, to
knock the bow of our boat around, so that we
no longer were facing the ocean. Before the
rower was able to head the boat toward the
waves the next one was upon us. Instead of
politely passing under us, as the other big
comber had done, this one proceeded to come
on board, although entirely uninvited! In an
instant we were drenched through and through
and our boat was considerably more than full
of very wet sea water. There was nothing to
do but to return, and get rid of so much wet-
ness. This we did in safety; and our next at-
tempt to go through the surf was quite suc-
cessful and dry. H.

 

 

TO WANKOIT—TEN MILES.

Helen and I had decided to surprise the
world! Walk to Wankoit, why not? It was
only ten miles.
“You will never do it,” declared the boys.
_ “You two girls, It isn’t any walk at all, b
you have not done anything but drive |
vi 0 accompany us, bt

 

  
 
 

THE ARGO. "4

all had something else to do, unfortunately.

We started with our supplies, consisting of
a novel of Anna Katherine Green’s, and, most
important, six ham sandwiches a piece. We
started off joyfully, but we returned—but I am
anticipating.

The wal lay along the bay except for about
three miles, when it wound among the pine
woods and in the salt marshes. The sun
seemed unusually warm and we found to our
great dismay that my watch had stopped and
Helen had forgotten her’s. We didn’t talk
much except once—I remarked that ten miles
was a long way.

“Twenty miles is longer, and we are to go
home from Wankoit, I suppose,” said Helen
cheerfully.

I groaned and after that “ conversation lan-
guished.” The sandwiches were all gone, the
sun burned like fire and the dust blew in great
clouds.

At last we— gave up. Yes, gave up our
project, the world would never be surprised.
Alas! the suri was so hot and the way was so
long! I, with a sudden inspiration, named a
brook ahead “ Wankoit,” and we walked to
* Wankoit.”

Helen ran on ahead and I sat down on a
stump. Suddenly Helen cried out and I ran
over to her. We had hoped that the water
might be good, even though it was a trifle
brackish. Helen completely discouraged this
hope.

“The water is as bitter as gall; the Jews
weren’t a bit unusual in grumbling about Mar-
ah, and Oh! Peg, I’ve sprained my ankle.”

We sat down and wept while the mosqui-
toes sang and feasted on us.

“T suppose we'll have to spend the night
here,” I remarked as cheerfully as I could.

“Why don’t you read aloud?” asked Helen.
So I read. ent ' i the
lowit

     

  
  
 
74 THE ARGO.

dismally. Tramps! Our hearts quailed at the
thought. °

How long a time passed before we ceased
weeping I cannot tell. It seemed like ages.

“ Hello, sisters ; can I do anything for you?”
called a voice.

“That’s the tramp,” I cried, and put my fin-
gers in my ears, while Helen, the strong mind-
ed, talked to the driver of the hay wagon.

He was going our way, and, Oh, joy! would
take us home.

“ How far are we from Wankoit?” I asked,
after we had been hauled upon the wagon.

“Mile or so.”

“Please take us to Mrs. B.’s, and say you
found us a way over by Wankoit,” said Helen,
and we both straightway fell into the arms of
Morpheus.

But I desire to add a moral to this instruct-
ive tale: Don’t, if you value a happy home cir-
cle, walk to Wankoit, even when your mothers
are in Boston. 06.

 

AN UNEXPECTER TURN.

One warm day last summer there was to
be seen going up Easton avenue, one of New
Brunswick’s most beautiful streets, a remark-
able turnout.

Behold a lumpcart driven by an excited
Irishman and drawn by as sorry a looking
horse as ever bore the name.

This ashcart was filled with Italian laborers, :

riding- home from their work, much to the
Irishman’s discomfort. He expostulated with
them, but all in vain. Then he used some
stronger language, but it did no good; an Ital-
ian “ ginnie ” doesn’t understand Irish swear-
ing.

At last a brilliant idea drove like a bullet in-
to Pat's head. Quietly and quickly reaching
down, he pulls out the wooden pin that holds
the front part of a dumpcart down, and at the
same time stepping out on the shafts, whips
up the old horse with the reins.

Meanwhile the Italians are keenly enjoying
Pat’s discomfort and their ride up the hill.
They are jabbering away to their hearts’ con-

tent, when suddenly—swish—and there is a
whirling mixture of picks, Italians and shoy-
els. This so startled the nag that for once in
its old age he runs, and leaves a long trail of
“ ginnies ” and their dinner pails stringing
down the hill behind him. And Patrick, the
Wise, rides triumphantly on his way.

A. D., ’o4.

 

SCHOOL DAY MEMORIES.
By an Old Boy.

The happiest hours that pass in review as
one reaches the noonday of life are those spent
in the school room. Such is my excuse for
penning a few reminiscences of my younger
days. Uninteresting, perhaps to the young
readers of the Argo, but wonderfully bright
spots in the memory of the wtiter.

A part of my education was acquired in the
historic valley of Wyoming at the Seminary
located at Kingston. At that time a college
education was a rarity, and this school was
conducted somewhat on the plan of a modern
department store with everything under one
roof. In the first place, the Seminary was co-
educational; it graduated ministers, teachers,
bankers, scientists and “sweet girl graduates.
It was a theological seminary, a men’s college,
a preparatory school, a commercial school and
a women’s college rolled into one.

The buildings were not unlike those of Hert-
zog Tall. Students of both sexes and many
of the faculty lived in the buildings, besides
which there were day scholars and students
who boarded in the town. We had the Oppor-
tunity of securing quite a broad education for
the time, and, as after events showed, gradu-
ates went forth to fill high places in the world.
(Several well-known New Brunswickers were
at this school.) We were kept closely at work
and study and had little time for play. My
diary shows that the first bell Tang at 5.30 in
the morning, and at intervals of about a half
hour from that time until ten at night. A rec-
ord was kept of how each scholar spent his
time, and he was marked accordingly. At the
first bell in the morning (at half-past five) we
—_———

THE ARGO.

arose, washed and dressed. A monitor opened
the door at six to see if we were at our
studies. At seven o’clock was breakfast, and
if one was five minutes late he had to wait an
hour, with several marks off. The faculty sat
at the table with us. The fare was coarse, but
plentiful and good. To this day I can taste the
hot biscuits with syrup and no butter, and I
long for more.

We attended chapel at 8.40 in the morning
and again at four in the afternoon. All the
rest of the time we studied and recited (ex-
cept for short recreation periods) until the
ninth evening bell at 8.30, which meant pre-
pare for bed. At a quarter before ten all lights
were out.

There were no chambermaids or janitors;
the students took care of their own room, kept
the halls clean and did all the work about the
buildings. It was here that I learned the way
to make up a bed. The rooms were all in-
spected every morning by a detail from the
faculty, and strife was keen to rank high in
the art of bed making and general tidiness.
It was sometimes difficult to maintain this or-
der when a band of students would get out on
a lark and visit adjoining rooms, “rough
house ” them and spoil all the nice work.

It was an impressive occasion every evening
between seven and eight when a deputation of
the faculty marched through the halls, pre-
ceded by a messenger who opened every door.
The faculty passed solemnly into and around
the room and out with never a word spoken.

Connected with the Seminary was quite a
tract of land and it was my lot to be one of a
number who paid their way by work upon this
land. Planting, hoeing and gathering crops
were among the tasks assigned and they took
up recreation hours and holidays.

The classes were conducted in the good old
way. There were few lectures, we recited and
Were quizzed, questioned and drilled. I was
in the pedagogical class in mathematics, and
we were taken through a whole book in a few
lessons, For practice we were turned in to in-
struct under classes; classes were brought in
from the public schools and assigned over to

75
our guidance. Occasionally, two or three of
the faculty would come in and purposely make
misstatements or give wrong premises and we
were required to argue with them.

We were required to attend prayer meeting
one evening during the week. On Sunday we
went to church twice and attended Bible Class.
Sunday evening the “ Theologs” practiced
preaching upon us.

Once each term we had an examination con-
ducted before a deputation from the Board of
Trustees and faculty, our own professor being
only allowed to look on. ‘The questions were
on slips of paper dropped in a box, and in an-
swering them the student walked to the box,
drew out a slip and began his explanation or-
ally without preparation, I grew several inches
on one of these occasions, when my professor
in physics suggested to the Board that they
pass me by to save time, as I could clearly an-
Swer any question that could be asked on the
subjects covered in the course.

 

THE STANLAWS GIRL.

Among the artists in black and white of to-
day, Penrhn Stanlaws (or Penhryn Stanely
Adamson, as his real name is) stands unique.
Take a sketch by Stanlaws, and one by Gibson,
and mix them with a number of other draw-
ings. You will find that it is next to impossi-
ble for any one who is not an artist to pick out
the Gibson picture from the rest. But any one
who has ever seen a Stanlaws sketch can at a
glance distinguish that drawing in which the
gracefulness, the clearness of outline, the deli-
cacy of touch and the daintiness of the whole
proclaim the whole figure a Stanlaws girl.

Like Gibson, Stanlaws has become famout
in the world of art mainly through his pictures
of beautiful women. An artist can distinguish
a Gibson sketch wherever he sees it, but an
ordianry observer would nine times out of ten
take a drawing by Christy, Fithian, Werner,
Hutt, or by one of the thousand copies of
Gibson for one of Gibson’s own sketches. Not
so with Stanlaws. His girls are in a class by
themselves, separate from all the rest. Gib-
THE ARGO.

76

son and his followers form one school of
sketching. Stanlaws alone forms another.

The Stanlaws girl has a certain freshness,
an indefinable charm, a Stanlaws atmosphere
about her that is impossible to reproduce ina
copy. She is just a trifle below medium height.
She is all graceful lines and exquisite curves,
with never the slightest suspicion of angularity
about her. No matter what costume she may
wear, even though it be that most unbecoming
of attires, the riding habit, she looks the same
dainty piece of womanhood as when gowned
for evening. c

She has not the bored look of the Gibson
maiden, and yet her face is not always smiling.
She is not lank, like one of Du Maurier’s
women, nor on the other hand is she short and
thickset, She is always charming, for Stan-
laws, of all living artists, has never drawn an
ugly woman.

Men may gaze with admiration, for a time,
on the exquisite creations of Howard Chand-
ler Christy. ‘They may look with pleasure, for
a time, on the beautiful work done by Gibson.
But one and all will turn with delight to that
delicious bit of pen and ink art, the Stanlaws
girl, the queen of black and white sketches.

A.

SCHOOL HAPPENINGS.

During the past month, while our daily reci-
tations were being held in the Annex Build-
ing, a new boiler was placed in the basement
of the.school. This act was necessitated by
the breaking down of the old boiler, which,
upon examination, was judged to be past re-
pair. The new heating apparatus is a strong,
well-built specimen of the machanic’s skill.
It is a large Mercer boiler, and there is no
doubt that its powers of giving warmth are
of the highest order.

The American History Class (composed of
members of the Third and Fourth Forms)
= finished about half of the volume. Week-
¥ recitations (on Monday »
in this Ata by Wet sie =

y yy is hoped

that the majority of the class will be prepared
for their history examinations before many
months have passed.

Although the school year is half over, new
students are still coming in. Recently Mr.
Nicholas Vreeland came to or school to take
a post-graduate course. Mr. Louis Seeger
of Millstone, has become a member of the Seo-
ond Form, as has Mr. Winckler, of New
Brunswick. New members of the Second Di-
vision of the First Form are Mr. H. Marks
and Mr. J. Claude Thompson, of Middlebush.
Mr. Nathan C. Wyckoff, of Blackwell’s Mills
has entered the First Division of the Ficst
Form.

During the past two months the first and
second medals awarded to privates for excel-
lence in drilling have been given respectively
to Messrs. Heath and Opdyke. The Argo
hereby congratulates both gentlemen upon
their success.

Every Rutgers Preparatory School student
should be interested in the recent gift from
the State of New Jersey to Rutgers College.
This well deserved present will increase ma-
terially the already established prosperity of
the college, and will probably in an indirect
manner be of benefit to the Preparatory
School.

SQUEAKS,

Cribbing is stealing from some one besides
yourself.

First Speaker: “ Did you know that there
was a big scrap inside? ”

Second Speaker: “No. Where is it?”

Third Speaker: “ In the waste-basket.”

At examinations please remember that
erasers are always rubbering, but you can let
your pencil give you a point, if you like.

Prof. B——r (translating Cicero): “He
depreived him of death.”

W—n (translating Cicero): “He killed
the wife of his sister-in-law.”

CC n (translating Cicero) : “I will die
with an equal mind.”

The foliowing example has been solved by

 

 

 
THE ARGO,

Case, of this school, after some scientific
and practical experimenting:

Ie: To one pocket plus one hole add
What is the

Mr.
research
Examp

one pint of Arachis hypogea.

ae Case will be delighted to elucidate

. oroblem to all interested in its solution.)
Te following stanza (arranged from the
our well beloved German Reader)

f
pee * the great historical tragedy,

will appear in
Das Stutsbartchen:

Hute dich, Mooklein

Blieb von der J*alle

Die in dem Winkel

Aufgestellt ist!

Kommst du zu nahe

Ist es geschehen

Und du erliegest

Heimlicher List!

(1 our readers do not understand this, they
are requested to inquire of the gentleman
named above.

F—r (translating German): “ The shep-

herd shaved the sheep.”

HoR! Hor.!

All this infection business
Has stirred us so about,

That we’re all vaccinated
To keep the smallpox out.

But we don’t fear the smallpox,
We're all immune, you bet;

There’s a Case right here among us,
And no one’s caught it yet.

A FIRE AT NIGHT.

About eight-thirty p. m. one evening, I was
sitting at my desk studying my lessons, when
snddenly the fire alarm rang. I listened and
found tht it was about seven blocks from my
home, Looking out of my window, I saw a
bright glare, as if the whole sky was illumin-
ated,

T then grabbed up my hat and rushed down
'0 the scene of the fire. When I got there,
very much out of breath, I sa wthat it was a

77
barn with a quantity of hay in it that was

burning.

play upon the burning buildings, and soon th
fire was under control. It was a very ait
ful sight, but it Was a costly one, :
Some people say that a free lunch or enter-
tainment will draw a large crowd; but I think
there is nothing like a fire for that purpose
It seemed as if it were a public exhibition ie
stead of a disastrous affair.
Any person who was there would have
thought the town was turned loose. Old men
and women, boys and girls, and even mothers
with their baby Carriages, in fact, everybody
was there, from the highest to the lowest.
_Then when the fire is out, how quickly they
disperse! Every one seems to vanish, and in
a few minutes the place is practically deserted,
So ends an exciting hour. It affords excite-
ment for all, and when it is finally ended, some
wish it had been a little longer. T. FP,

 

A CHRISTMAS CARD FROM PRISON.

The following lines are interesting, not
from any literary merit which they may have,
but from the fact that they were written by
William Redmond, Esq., the Irish member of
Parliament whom the English government
sent to prison for alleged treasonable utter-
ances. Mr. Redmond is a man who has the
interest of his country always at heart, and
his imprisonment is regarded by many as quite
unjustifiable. He evidently has the gift of
keeping up his spirits, as the following (which
was sent to Patrick Ford, Esq., and printed in
his paper, The Irish World and American In-
dustrial Liberator) plainly shows:

To Parrick Forp:

A Merry Christmas and a bright New Year
To you and every one that you hold dear ; ;
Greetings you'll get galore from far and wide,
But this one comes to you from right inside
78

The prison and from this my little cell,

I wish you all the good that words can tell.
CuristMAs IN PRISON—well it’s not so bad,
Don’t for a moment think that I am sad,
God bless you, no! I’m very well, indeed,
With lots to think about and lots to read,
And friendly faces, too, when I desire,

I see by simply looking in the fire.

A visit, too, 1 had from Santa Claus!

The dear old fellow broke the prison laws,

How he got in I never could make out,

But there he was without a single doubt!

A wreath of berries on his head he wore

And in his hand a silver goblet bore,

And from this goblet, with the utmost care,

Some drops he sprinkled on my head and hair!

And then he gave me such a knowing wink !

"This stuff is good,” he said, “but not to
drink!”

He told me what it was before he went,

What do you think? The essence of Content.

* * * * *
This gift, dear friend, with you I fain would
share,

“ Content ” I wish you, for I’ve lots to spare!
Witt1aAm Repmonp, M. P.

ly attractive.

THE ARGO.

EXCHANGES.

Owing to the large amount of other material
which was on hand, we have been obliged to
omit the Exchange Column from the last two
issues. Accordingly, we have been unable to
print criticisms of the Christmas numbers sent
us by many school papers throughout the
country. It is too late to say much about the
Christmas numbers, but we will make especial
mention of these issues of the Vail-Deane Bud-
get (Elizabeth, N. J.) and the Cutler Fort-
nightly, as having been even more than usual-
Some very clever drawings
added much to the appearance of the last-
named paper.

We notice with pleasure that a committee
has been appointed to revise the constitution
of the Targum Association of Rutgers Col-
lege (New Brunswick, N. J.). The present
management of this paper is doing excellent
work, but it is handicapped by the system
which is used.

The January Breese (Blair’s Hall, N. J.)
contains a story called “ The Reward of Kind-
ness.” ‘This story is cleverly written, but the
plot is rather hackneyed.

 

 

True Bristle Brushes.

Our stock of Brushes is very unusual.
quality or variety anyfhere.
else cannot make theme come out.
Brushes that gave such perfect satisfaction.
Brushes and Hand Brushes.

FRESH CANDIES every day.

There may be larger collections,

but there is no better

These are the true bristles, wired in, so that hot water or anything
They will wear and wear and wear. We have never’ known
They include Hair Brushes, Nail Brushes, Tooth

They are the cheapest, because the most durable and satisfactory.

Photo Supplies.

Cameras, Kodaks, Tripods, Frames, Films, Negatives, Prints, Developers,

Toners, Flashlight

Powder, Mounts and everything pertaing to the craft.
If you are thinking of buying a CAMPRA, we will be pleased to tell you all we know about

the practical value of the various machines.

Our DARK ROOM is at the disposal of all our patrons at any time.

We have all the LITERATURE that we could get hold of, about Amateur Ph hy for
FREE distribution, to those interested in the subject. ; a ee

At least come and Jet us know that you are interested in photographic goods.

J. F. BRADLEY, DRUGS AND GIFTS,

CorNER Groran AND CHURCH Sts., New Brunswick, N. J

The firms using our columns are recommended to Rutgers Prep School students.

 

 
THE ARGO,
79

Delicious Milk Shak

BISSETT’S DRUG STORE
ee
red Plymouth Rock Hatching
co gs $1.00 and $2.00 per
15.

es

 

Agency for Huyler’s Candies,
Eg

Cor. George and Washington Streets

CIRCULAR FOR LETTER

LOUIS LEITHEISER,

& METLAR, mg
WILLIAMS & Popular Barber,

New Brunswick, N. J. 893 George St., New Brunswick, N. J.
Fart,
Edgemere

FUGHES’ LAUNDRY,
Members of American Plymouth Rock 80 GHURGH ST.

iation of New Jersey.
rs’ Associ Prompt and Efficient. Special rates for students,

 

Club Fancie

R. W, HUGHES, Prrprietor.

 

Rubber Tired Cabs, Coaches and Light Carriages.

i ention The Argo.
When patronizing our advertisers, please do not neglect to m

 

 
RUTGERS PREPARATORY SCHOOL

NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J.
FOUNDED 1766.

Teese eveeee
eeeee ee woes

LINSDTRUC TORS:

ELIOT R. PAYSON, A. M., Pu. D., Head-Master, Latin and Greek.
J. ARDEN FERGUSON, A. M., Science Master.
ROY C. BURR, A. B., Latin Master.
HERMAN H. WRIGHT, A. M., Mathematics.
JOHN H. FULLER, A. B.,Greek Master.
GEORGE W. NUTTMAN, Sc. M., Military Drill.
MISS ANNA L. HARDY, A. B., French and German.
MISS ELIZABETH B. CORBIN, A. B., French and German.

 

Primary and Intermediate Departments.

MISS ELLA MARSDEN, Principal.

MISS MARGERY JEAN SHANKEL,
MISS MARY GREGG, Enstesotpts
For particulars address

ELIOT R. PAYSON, Head Master,

New Brunswick, N. J.
